========== PAGE 1 ==========
                                                                                                            
   
Unilever Sustainability 
Statement 2025
214
General Information
219
Environmental Disclosures
249 Social Disclosures
266 Governance Disclosures
273 Index

========== PAGE 2 ==========
Cautionary Statement
This sustainability statement is extracted from the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025, without material adjustment. Where cross references to 
the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025 are included, please refer to: www.unilever.com/files/unilever-annual-report-and-accounts-2025.pdf. 
We have prepared the sustainability statement for Unilever PLC and its subsidiaries (Unilever) in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (the ESRS), as issued by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2772 on 31 July 2023. The sustainability statement is subject to external limited 
assurance by KPMG LLP in accordance with ISAE (UK) 3000. Please refer to pages 271 and 272 of the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025 for the 
Sustainability Statement Limited Assurance Report.
This document may contain forward-looking statements, including ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of the United States Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of the Unilever Group (the ‘Group’). 
All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Words such as ‘will’, ‘aim’, ‘expects’, 
‘anticipates’, ‘intends’, ‘looks’, ‘believes’, ‘vision’, ‘ambition’, ‘target’, ‘goal’, ‘plan’, ‘potential’, ‘work towards’, ‘may’, ‘milestone’, ‘objectives’, ‘outlook’, 
‘probably’, ‘project’, ‘risk’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘projected’, ‘estimate’, ‘achieve’ or the negative of these terms, and other similar expressions of future 
performance or results and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include, but 
are not limited to, statements and information regarding the Group’s emissions reduction and other sustainability-related targets and other climate 
and sustainability matters (including actions, potential impacts and risks and opportunities associated therewith), the Group‘s ability to rewire our 
organisation for AI and the digital world, to deliver profit growth in line with our top-third total shareholder return ambition, to respond to channel 
shifts and pricing and other competitive pressures, and to maintain effectiveness of our cash management programmes and our liquidity, our plans 
with respect to the retained TMICC stake, the Group‘s ability to focus on building Desire at Scale and Play to Win culture. Forward-looking statements 
can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors, officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) 
in connection with this document. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated 
developments and other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes. All 
forward-looking statements contained in this document are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred 
to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, a number of which may be beyond the Group’s control, 
there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the 
forward-looking statements included in this document are: Unilever’s global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever’s ability to innovate 
and remain competitive; Unilever’s investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever’s business; Unilever’s ability 
to find sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of 
talented employees; disruptions in Unilever’s supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials and commodities; the 
production of safe and high-quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions, divestitures and business transformation 
projects; economic and financial risks; social and political risks and natural disasters; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing 
regulatory, legal matters and practices with regard to the interpretation and application thereof and emerging and developing ESG reporting standards, 
including differences in implementation of climate and sustainability policies in the regions where the Group operates. Also see ’Our Principal Risks’ on 
pages 31 to 37 for additional risks and further discussion. 
The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information 
currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as 
a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of 
operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. 
The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the Group expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any 
change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition, we cannot assess 
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from 
those contained in any forward-looking statements. In preparing the sustainability and climate-related information in this document, Unilever has made 
a number of key judgements, estimations and assumptions. Sustainability and climate data, models and methodologies are often rapidly evolving and 
are not of the same accuracy as those available in the context of other financial information. There may also be challenges in relation to availability of 
sustainability and climate-related data and potential inconsistencies. This means that sustainability and climate-related forward-looking statements can 
be subject to more uncertainty than other types of statements and therefore our actual results and developments could differ from those expressed or 
implied in the sustainability and climate-related forward-looking statements in this document.
This document also contains data on the Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Some of this data is based on estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions data relates to emissions from the Group’s own activities and supplied heat, power and cooling, and is generally easier for the 
Group to gather than Scope 3 emissions data. Scope 3 emissions relate to other organisations’ emissions and is therefore subject to a range of additional 
uncertainties, including that: data used to model lifecycle footprints is typically industry-standard data or estimates rather than relating to individual 
suppliers; and lifecycle models, such as the Group’s, cover many but not all products and markets. In addition, international standards and protocols 
relating to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions calculations and categorisations also continue to evolve, as do accepted norms regarding terminology, such as 
carbon neutral and net zero, which may affect the emissions data the Group reports. As Scope 3 emissions data improves, shifting over time from 
generic modelled data to more specific data, the data reported in this document is likely to evolve. We will continue to review and develop our 
approach to emissions data in line with evolving market approaches and standards.
Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group’s filings with the London Stock Exchange, Euronext 
Amsterdam, and the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025.
In addition, a printed copy of the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 is available, free of charge, upon request to Unilever, Investor Relations Department, 
100 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DY, United Kingdom.
This document comprises regulated information within the meaning of Sections 1:1 and 5:25c of the Act on Financial Supervision (‘Wet op het financieel 
toezicht (Wft)’) in the Netherlands.
The brand names shown in this report are trademarks owned by or licensed to companies within the Group.
References in this document to information on websites (and/or social media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such information is not 
incorporated in, and does not form part of, the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025.

========== PAGE 3 ==========
General Information
GENERAL BASIS FOR PREPARATION
Overview
We have prepared a sustainability statement for Unilever PLC and its 
subsidiaries (Unilever) in accordance with the European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (the ESRS), as issued by Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2772 on 31 July 2023. The statement presents Unilever’s material 
sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) and consists of 
four sections: 
■General Information – describes the basis for preparing the
sustainability statement, governance of our sustainability strategy 
and assessment of our material IROs.
■Environmental Disclosures – presents an overview of processes for
identifying our material IROs and policies governing responses to these 
matters throughout our operations and value chain. This includes actions, 
metrics and targets related to Climate, Pollution, Water, Biodiversity and 
Ecosystems, and Resource Use and Circular Economy. Climate disclosures 
consolidate our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
and Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) progress report.
■Social Disclosures – presents an overview of processes for identifying 
our material IROs and Unilever’s approach to human rights across our 
rightsholder groups. This includes actions, metrics and targets related 
to Own Workforce, Workers in the Value Chain, Affected Communities,
and Consumers and End-Users. 
■Governance Disclosures – summarises Unilever’s business conduct 
and Speak Up processes across our operations and value chain.
Scope
Our sustainability statement is prepared on a consolidated basis, 
consistent with the scope and reporting period (1 January to 31 December 
2025) of our consolidated financial statements. Following the demerger 
of our Ice Cream business on 6 December 2025, all territories and 
activities within the scope of the Ice Cream business have been treated 
as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. As a 
result, the sustainability statement focuses on our four continuing Business 
Groups (Beauty & Wellbeing, Personal Care, Home Care and Foods).
For the purpose of these disclosures, our own operations refers to Unilever 
PLC and its subsidiary undertakings. Associates and joint ventures are 
excluded as we do not have operational control over these entities. No 
information has been excluded on the grounds of commercial sensitivity 
relating to intellectual property, know-how or innovation results.
Upstream and downstream value chain
The scope of the sustainability statement extends to our upstream and 
downstream value chain, generally referred to as our business partners, to 
the extent that they are connected to Unilever’s material IROs. Disclosures 
are limited to direct and indirect business relationships where information 
is readily available.
Unilever’s upstream value chain covers the procurement of raw materials 
and packaging for the manufacture and sale of our products. Our global 
supply chain works with over 46,000 Tier 1 suppliers (those who invoice 
Unilever directly for goods and services) across more than 140 countries. 
We also consider subcontractors of our Tier 1 suppliers and third parties 
where we outsource the manufacturing and packaging of products 
(collaborative manufacturing) in our upstream value chain. 
Unilever’s downstream value chain encompasses logistics, distributors, 
retailers agents, franchisers and importers who help make our products 
available to the individuals and households who use our products.
Comparative information
Unilever’s policy stipulates that metrics will be restated under certain 
circumstances, provided accurate and reliable data is available to 
allow for recalculation and where the impact is material. This includes:
■Identification of errors due to incorrect data or miscalculation;
■Changes in reporting requirements;
■The availability of improved assumptions or more accurate data; or
■The recognition of a discontinued operation that has a disproportionate 
impact on the results of continuing operations.
Baseline values, base years and targets
The targets disclosed within this statement fully align with Unilever’s 
15 external sustainability goals across four priority areas: climate, nature, 
plastics and livelihoods. Targets are established through bottom-up 
roadmaps, reasonable ambition and industry standards where relevant. 
We continue to assess targets in line with our strategy. 
It is Unilever’s policy to review the baseline values, base years and targets 
when we identify a material change such as significant acquisitions, 
disposals, structural changes or assumptions updates (applying a 5% 
review threshold) and when accurate and reliable data is available. No 
adjustments were made during the reporting period for acquisitions or 
disposals, including the demerger of our Ice Cream business (see below). 
Sources of estimations and outcome uncertainty
Metrics are reported based on the definitions in the ESRS, unless stated 
otherwise. Unilever-specific definitions are included where relevant. The 
data and assumptions used in the sustainability statement align with those 
used in the 2025 consolidated financial statements. 
Where metrics could not be directly measured, estimates have been 
prepared using internal and external data sources, including indirect 
sources such as supplier invoices, publicly available benchmarks or scientific 
research. For metrics with high measurement uncertainty, we have disclosed 
the sources of uncertainty and the key assumptions, approximations and 
judgements used in our estimations within the topical disclosures. 
The sustainability statement was subject to external limited assurance by 
KPMG LLP in accordance with ISAE (UK) 3000.
Changes in the presentation of sustainability information
For 2025, metrics are reported excluding Ice Cream, with the impact 
of the demerger disclosed through reconciling line items where relevant. 
Allocation methodologies have been used to split the results between 
Unilever’s continuing operations and Ice Cream up to the 6 December 
2025. This approach considers several characteristics, including data 
component, data hierarchy, unit of measure and data availability (actual 
or estimate). Methodologies have been further documented in the basis 
of preparation summaries within the topical disclosures. 
Prior-year comparators have not been adjusted to reflect the impact of 
the demerger except where Ice Cream results had a disproportionate 
effect on Unilever’s continuing operations. In these cases, further 
disaggregation is provided. No adjustments to baseline values, base years 
or targets were made for the demerger of our Ice Cream business, which 
remained part of the group until 6 December 2025. This will be reassessed 
in 2026 following the demerger.
GOVERNANCE
Oversight of sustainability matters
Accountability for Unilever’s material sustainability IROs aligns with 
Unilever’s overarching governance structure. The Board is accountable 
for the management of all material IROs, and delegates day-to-day 
oversight of sustainability topics to the ULE. This is explained in the 
Governance Report under the following sections:
■Composition, balance and independence of the Board, page 57;
■Board sustainability processes and skills, page 57;
■Skills and experience matrix, page 68; 
■Gender representation of the Board and ULE, page 68; and 
■Board independence, page 69.
Role of supervisory bodies
The reporting lines between the Board, Board committees and ULE 
are detailed in Unilever’s governance structure on page 51. The terms of 
reference for each Committee are set out in ’The Governance of Unilever’ 
document and published on our website at unilever.com. Sustainability 
matters are delegated to the following Board subcommittees:
■The Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews Unilever’s 
sustainability strategy, tracks progress of the sustainability goals, 
and reviews the reputational impact of our material IROs. Updates are 
provided by the global Sustainability function five times a year.
■The Audit Committee reviews the effectiveness of our risk management 
processes, including the double materiality assessment, oversees non-
financial disclosures in our Annual Report and Accounts (including under 
the ESRS), and reviews assurance activities obtained over the disclosures.
■The Remuneration Committee aligns Unilever’s long-term incentive plan 
(Performance Share Plan) with sustainability priorities to support 
delivery of the sustainability strategy.
■The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ensures that 
the Board includes members with relevant sustainability expertise. 
214
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 4 ==========
Role of management bodies
In 2024, the ULE approved our refocused sustainability strategy and set 
15 external goals across four priority areas: climate, nature, plastics and 
livelihoods. These priorities informed the identification of our material 
impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs), each managed by a ULE member 
with clear mitigation plans and timelines. Unilever’s policies and standards 
define mandatory requirements that are key in mitigating these risks.
In 2025, we re-established an Executive-level Sustainability Steering 
Committee, which meets monthly to oversee relevant topics. This includes 
review of progress against the 15 goals and resolution of any delivery 
issues. The ULE is also updated periodically on progress against goals, and 
the Business Group Presidents and function leads on the delivery against 
their specific targets.
Our global Sustainability function is led by our Chief Corporate Affairs and 
Communications Officer, supported by the Global Head of Sustainability, 
and is divided into three core areas: 
■Dedicated Business Group Sustainability teams work closely with the 
relevant teams and leadership to embed sustainability IROs into their 
strategies. They monitor progress against actions and targets.
■A specialist Sustainability Corporate Centre team develops our 
sustainability strategy and policies while driving transformational 
change across markets through advocacy and partnerships. 
■Country Sustainability teams translate global strategy into local plans 
and work with partners to deliver shared priorities.
Supply Chain and Procurement functions play a key role in the delivery 
of our climate, nature and livelihood goals, working with the Business 
Groups to improve manufacturing operations, and collaborating with our 
upstream value chain. They manage impact measurement and maintain 
the systems and data for sustainability reporting.
Research & Development (R&D) support delivery of our plastics goals 
through new innovations. These functions, alongside Finance, also provide 
input to investment business cases, scoping and metric calculation. 
We regularly engage investors on sustainability matters, including at our 
AGM and Capital Markets Day, and through calls with key investors.
Sustainability performance and incentives
We continue to formally link remuneration for management employees, 
including the ULE, to performance against our sustainability goals. 
The long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) is linked to financial 
and sustainability performance, guided by our Sustainability Progress 
Index (SPI), which accounts for 15% of the total PSP award. The SPI is an 
assessment made jointly by the Corporate Responsibility Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee. 
In 2025, we determined the SPI by considering performance against 
four sustainability targets related to climate, nature, plastics and 
livelihoods. See page 97 for SPI outcomes for 2025 and page 99 for 
the SPI targets for the PSP 2026–2028. The ULE and the Board discuss 
progress against these metrics quarterly.
Sustainability due diligence
Our responsible business approach embeds human rights and 
environmental matters into our due diligence processes. Throughout our 
sustainability statement, we detail the mechanisms we use to identify, 
mitigate and account for how we address actual and potential negative 
environmental and human rights impacts. The table below maps the core 
elements of our due diligence approach.
Core elements
Paragraphs in the sustainability statement
Embedding due diligence in our governance, 
strategy and business model
In this section under Governance and Strategy and business model.
Climate disclosures page 222, Biodiversity and Ecosystem disclosures page 239, and Social 
disclosures page 249.
Engaging with affected stakeholders
In this section under Interests and views of stakeholders and Double materiality.
Engaging on human rights impacts page 252.
Identifying and assessing adverse impacts
In this section under Double materiality.
Environmental IROs page 219, Social IROs page 249 and Governance IROs page 266.
Further details are included in each topical standard. For page references, see Index page 273.
Taking actions to address those adverse impacts
Actions section from each topical standard. For page references, see Index page 273.
Tracking the effectiveness of actions
Targets and Metrics sections from each topical standard. For page references, see Index page 273.
Sustainability reporting controls
Unilever has established processes to assess and manage risks associated 
with the integrity of information disclosed in the sustainability statement. 
Key reporting risks include the completeness, accuracy and availability 
of data. Oversight for the sustainability statement lies with the Group 
Controller, who is responsible for managing these risks. For each ESRS 
topic reported, a ULE Sponsor is appointed along with designated 
Sustainability and Business owners for narrative and metric disclosures. 
Metrics owners maintain the Basis of Preparation (BoP) for each metric, 
outlining key definitions, scope, data collection methods, calculation 
approaches, and underlying assumptions. Narrative owners prepare the 
written disclosures, including policies, actions and targets. All narratives 
and metrics are signed off by their respective owners and subject to 
management assurance to confirm that the ESRS requirements are met, 
claims are evidence-based, and metrics are consistent with BoPs.
The Audit Committee oversees ESRS reporting, reviewing the processes 
and controls underpinning its preparation. The Disclosure Committee 
provides support by confirming the accuracy, materiality and timeliness 
of the sustainability statement, and evaluating the adequacy of Unilever’s 
disclosure processes and controls including those relating to the ESRS. 
Independent limited assurance is performed by KPMG.
In 2025, we have taken steps to strengthen our approach by documenting 
process models and control frameworks for selected metrics.
STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL
Our strategy and business model are set out in the Strategic Report 
on pages 2 to 5. We produce and sell consumer goods across our four 
Business Groups: Beauty & Wellbeing, Personal Care, Home Care and 
Foods.1 We operate across more than 190 manufacturing sites worldwide 
and employ over 96,000 employees.2 
For over two decades, we have driven an ambitious sustainability agenda. 
In 2024, we launched our updated business strategy, sharpening our focus 
on resource allocation, accelerating long-term priorities and delivering 
systemic impact, supported by our Climate Transition Action Plan. 
Building on this, we set four sustainability priority areas – climate, nature, 
plastics and livelihoods – underpinned by 15 near- and medium-term goals 
shaped by broad stakeholder engagement. The Unilever Sustainability 
Advisory Council provides independent guidance, and progress against 
these goals is detailed in the relevant target sections. 
Our sustainability strategy utilises our global value chain and fosters 
collaboration with stakeholders to achieve our objectives. The strategy is 
embedded into overall business performance, with each Business Group 
responsible for delivering the agreed actions and targets. In addition to 
our sustainability goals, we are committed to respecting human rights, 
acting with integrity and prioritising people’s safety. 
GENERAL INFORMATION
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
215
1.
For segmental information, see Financial Statements – note 2 on page 136.
2. For headcount by geographical area, see Own Workforce disclosures on page 257.

========== PAGE 5 ==========
INTEREST AND VIEWS OF STAKEHOLDERS
Unilever identifies six stakeholder groups as critical to our future success: 
shareholders, our people (own employees), consumers, customers, 
suppliers & business partners, and planet & society. These stakeholders are 
selected because they are individuals or groups of individuals affected by 
our operations (e.g. affected communities and consumers), as well as users 
of our sustainability statement (e.g. prospective investors).
Our Company and Board consider and engage with stakeholders on their 
interests and views as they relate to our strategy and business model, to 
the extent that they were analysed during our due diligence and double 
materiality assessment processes. Additionally, we engage with these 
stakeholders to identify and manage our material impacts, risks and 
opportunities in relation to sustainability matters. In 2025, engagement 
processes and outcomes for each stakeholder group were reviewed at 
Board meetings. Further information is described in the section 'Company 
and board engagement with stakeholders' on page 60.
DOUBLE MATERIALITY
Overview
The ESRS require that we report on sustainability matters in which we 
have, or could have, a material impact on people or the environment, both 
positive and negative, as well as where they present risks and opportunities 
to our business success. Those material impacts, risks and opportunities 
(IROs) can arise from our own operations or through actors in our value 
chain. Impacts are not limited by proximity or contractual relationship. 
They may occur at any stage of our upstream or downstream value chain, 
as a result of our operations, or the use or disposal of our products.
In 2024, we conducted a comprehensive bottom-up double materiality 
assessment (DMA) to identify Unilever’s material IROs in our own operations 
and upstream and downstream value chain. In 2025, our sustainability 
experts reviewed the existing DMA to identify any necessary amendments 
to the IROs, considering changes to our strategy and business model, as 
well as external stakeholder engagement and benchmarking of peer 
disclosures. Although Ice Cream was demerged, it remained part of the 
group for most of the year and continues to be part of Unilever’s value 
chain. Consequently, any potential impact of the demerger on the DMA 
is only expected to be relevant in 2026.
Based on our review of the DMA, two IROs relating to biodegradability 
and regulatory landscape changes have been removed. In addition, 
our plastic pollution impact was updated to remove reference to 
microplastics. The 2025 DMA output was reviewed and approved by 
the Audit Committee in October 2025.
Double materiality assessment process
In 2024, we followed a four-step process to identify our material IROs:
Step 1: Identification of potentially relevant IROs. Outputs from 
established engagement channels and previous risk assessments, 
complemented by targeted interviews and questionnaires with internal 
sustainability experts, were used to collate a comprehensive list of all 
potentially relevant IROs. This approach ensured inclusion of perspectives 
from all key stakeholder groups, including affected communities. 
Step 2: Impact Materiality Assessment. We assessed each potentially 
relevant impact to evaluate whether it was actual or potential. Each 
impact was scored on a scale of 1–5 based on scale, scope and remediable 
character (to calculate an average severity score) and likelihood 
(assigning a score of 5 to actual impacts). A quantitative threshold 
determined whether the impact was material. 
Step 3: Financial Materiality Assessment. We assessed each potentially 
relevant risk or opportunity, including associated impacts and 
dependencies, to determine whether it was financially material to Unilever. 
Using our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) methodology, each risk or 
opportunity was scored using a scale of 1–5, considering magnitude (impact 
on turnover/operating profit) and likelihood. A quantitative threshold was 
applied to determine materiality. For climate-related risks, we considered 
the results of our scenario analysis, as detailed on page 224. The assessment 
also took into account our Principal Risks, set out on page 31, to support 
prioritisation of the risks and opportunities.
Step 4: Validation and disclosure requirement mapping. The DMA output 
was validated with each sustainability expert, with oversight from the 
ULE sponsors, and approved by the Audit Committee. We evaluated 
our material IROs against the ESRS to identify which disclosure 
requirements apply. 
IROs were assessed on a gross basis (assuming no mitigating action taken) 
at both a consolidated and Business Group level. Where relevant, scoping 
information is included in IRO descriptions. Our methodology considered 
whether the IRO would occur in the short, medium and/or long term. The 
time horizon for each IRO has been reflected through relevant policies, 
actions and targets described in our topical disclosures. 
Interaction with strategy and business model 
No changes were made to our strategy or business model in response 
to the material IROs identified through the DMA process. This will be 
reassessed in 2026 following the demerger of our Ice Cream business 
in December 2025.
The Directors assess Unilever’s resilience using the going concern 
assessment (one-year time horizon) and viability statement (three-year 
time horizon) as set out in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities on 
page 110 and Strategic Report on page 38. Additional information about 
our resilience to material climate and biodiversity IROs is provided in the 
relevant topical disclosures. 
Actions to address our material IROs are embedded into the strategies 
of our four Business Groups and therefore not all costs are separately 
identifiable. In 2025, where we could separately identify costs, none met 
our definition of significant operational or capital expenditure based on 
a quantitative materiality threshold. 
We have continued to apply phase-in reliefs relating to the anticipated 
financial effects of our material risks and opportunities on Unilever’s 
financial position, financial performance and cash flows over the short, 
medium and long term. However, for climate and nature, where we have 
performed scenario analysis, we have calculated the potential financial 
impacts under different scenarios. No material current financial effects 
related to our IROs have been identified with respect to our operations, 
value chain, strategy or decision-making.
Further information about the interaction between our IROs, strategy and 
business model is included in the topical disclosures, including how the 
views of our stakeholder groups have been taken into account. 
Our 2025 material impacts, risks and opportunities
Below is a summary of our material IROs. IROs that require entity-specific 
disclosures, i.e. are not covered by the ESRS, are denoted by the symbol (▲). 
The processes and detailed descriptions of our material IROs are disclosed 
in the Environmental section on page 219, the Social section on page 249 
and the Governance section on page 266. 
Material topic and sub topics
Impact, risk or opportunity
Scope
Climate
GHG emissions in our operations and our value chain
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Changing climate and extreme weather events
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Carbon pricing
Risk
Value Chain
Land use pressures and regulation
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Energy transition
Risk
Own Operations
Product regulations and claims: composition and sourcing transparency
Risk
Own Operations
Pollution
Pollution of air, soil and water (excluding plastic pollution)
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
GENERAL INFORMATION
216
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 6 ==========
Material topic and sub topics
Impact, risk or opportunity
Scope
Water
Water shortages in areas of high water stress
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Reducing product demand due to changes in water access
Risk
Value Chain
Biodiversity and Ecosystems
Ecosystem degradation and ecosystem service failures
Negative Impact
Value Chain
Ecosystem degradation leading to reduction of crop yields in key 
sourcing locations
Risk
Value Chain
Systemic risk of biodiversity collapse
Risk
Value Chain
Increased activism, legal or non-compliance costs resulting from biodiversity 
degradation and loss
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Resource Use and Circular Economy
Plastic pollution
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Hazardous waste
Negative Impact
Own Operations
Extended producer responsibility (EPR) schemes for packaging and other 
plastic-related taxes ▲
Risk
Own Operations
Own Workforce and Workers in the Value Chain
Talent
Risk
Own Operations
Capability building across our value chain to improve livelihoods ▲
Positive Impact
Value Chain
Salient human rights issues
Bullying and harassment
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Discrimination
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Forced labour
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Fair wages and income
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Working hours
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Health
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Freedom of association and collective bargaining
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Affected Communities
Salient human rights issues
Land rights, including Indigenous Peoples’ rights
Negative Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Consumers and End-Users
Safe products
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Marketing to children
Negative Impact
Value Chain
Nutritional product quality ▲
Risk
Value Chain
Product innovation as a response to changing demand ▲
Opportunity
Value Chain
Business Conduct
Business integrity and ethical conduct
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Anti-bribery and corruption
Risk
Own Operations; Value Chain
Use of non-animal safety science
Positive Impact
Value Chain
Advocacy
Positive Impact
Own Operations; Value Chain
Supplier payments and relationships
Risk
Own Operations
▲   Entity-Specific Disclosure
GENERAL INFORMATION
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
217

========== PAGE 7 ==========
POLICIES FOR MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS
Our Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies govern 
employee behaviour and cover all material sustainability matters 
identified by Unilever. These policies set out the standards we expect 
all employees to follow globally. They also play a key role in setting out 
how we ensure compliance with laws and regulations, protect our brands 
and reputation, and prevent harm to people or the environment. The 
COBP is underpinned by our values of integrity, respect, responsibility 
and pioneering.
The Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees Unilever’s 
conduct and reviews our COBP to ensure it remains fit for purpose. The 
COBP and Code Policies were refreshed in 2025 to make them easier for 
employees to engage with; these changes were implemented in early 
2026. Our CEO is responsible for the implementation of the COBP and 
Code Policies and is supported by the Global Code and Policy Committee, 
chaired by the Chief Legal Officer, and cross-functional Business Integrity 
Committees. 
Day-to-day responsibility for implementing the COBP and Code 
Policies is delegated to senior management across our Business Groups 
and functions at global, regional and country levels. We require our 
employees to submit an annual pledge confirming they understand, 
commit to, and adhere to the COBP.
Employees are required to report any actual or potential breach of the 
COBP and Code Policies immediately. We have set out the available 
reporting channels within our Code Policies and highlight these during 
Business Integrity training and in our communications. This includes our 
non-retaliation policy, which applies to all employees who raise issues. 
Further policies governing our material impacts, risks and opportunities 
are disclosed in the Environmental section on page 221, the Social section 
on page 251 and the Business Conduct section on page 266. 
GENERAL INFORMATION
218
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 8 ==========
Environmental Disclosures
ENVIRONMENTAL MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS 
AND OPPORTUNITIES
Assessing and identifying our material impacts, risks and opportunities 
(IROs) is informed by our double materiality assessment (DMA) as outlined 
in our General Information section on page 216. When identifying IROs 
across all our Environmental topics, we used a number of sources:
■We reviewed the risk management framework for each principal risk, 
including Climate and Nature (covering biodiversity and water scarcity) 
and Plastic Packaging (covering circular economy), detailing the risk 
descriptions and mitigating controls in place. These are updated 
annually to identify changes in risk profile.
■We reviewed our manufacturing sites, offices and logistics network, 
considering all available environmental data. This was substantiated 
by our subject matter experts.
■We undertook a top-down analysis of Unilever’s nature-related 
IROs and dependencies in 2024, including risks that are systemic. 
This assessment remained valid throughout 2025 and covered actual 
and potential impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems within our own 
operations and throughout our value chain, including those related 
to pollution. We carried out targeted due diligence in 2025 at sites 
where we identified a risk of negative effect on biodiversity.
■We updated our quantitative scenario analysis in 2025 to consider 
both our most material climate and nature risks and drivers, recognising 
their interconnectivity. This included physical and transition risks likely 
to impact our business over the short, medium and long term, as well 
as plastic-packaging risks closely linked to nature and climate change. 
Through this analysis, we reviewed our exposure to these risks and the 
potential financial implications to our business.
■For water, we incorporated inputs from the World Resources Institute 
Aqueduct tool, an open-source platform that maps and analyses 
current and future water risks across various locations. This was 
supplemented by site-specific factors and localised water risks where 
identified. For our upstream value chain, we used the Water Footprint 
Network Assessment tool, which integrates information from the Global 
Water Footprint Standard and WaterStat.
■When evaluating the environmental safety of our products, we conduct 
risk assessments on new ingredients before they are introduced to the 
market. Existing ingredients are assessed annually and before product 
launches to ensure safety based on total tonnage.
■We have detailed our engagement with stakeholders, including 
affected communities, in our General Information section on page 216. 
While consultations with affected communities regarding shared 
biological resources have not yet been completed as part of our risk 
assessments, we recognise the importance of this engagement and 
will incorporate it into future local assessments.
■We considered opportunities relating to environmental topics as part 
of our overall strategy and business model, including innovation and 
product assessments. 
The output of our 2025 DMA is included below:
Material impact, risk or opportunity
Description
Climate
GHG emissions in our operations 
and value chain
Negative Impact
(OO) (VC) 
Our operations emit greenhouse gases (GHG) primarily from the generation of electricity 
and heat, and loss of refrigerants. However, 99% of our GHG emissions come from scope 3 
emissions within our upstream and downstream value chain.
Changing climate and extreme 
weather events (physical risk)
Risk 
(OO) (VC)
Extreme weather and sustained increases in temperature could lead to water shortages, 
floods, droughts and reduced crop yields. Extreme weather events are likely to disrupt 
our supply chain causing commodity delays, shortages and/or increased prices of raw 
materials. In addition, customer and consumer demand could shift or erode from the 
resulting macroeconomic pressures linked to rising adaptation costs.
Carbon pricing
Risk 
(VC)
Carbon pricing schemes that capture the external costs of GHG emissions via taxes, 
emissions trading schemes or other mechanisms could impact the price of raw materials, 
resulting in increased costs and a potential reduction in profit.
Land use pressure and regulation
Risk 
(OO) (VC)
Reforms to regulation and changing land use patterns could reduce land availability for 
the production of food and biomass/feedstock and reduce crop outputs leading to a 
potential increase in our raw material costs.
Energy transition
Risk 
(VC)
Petrochemical prices are expected to rise across scenarios, largely driven by mandates for 
sustainable practices in policy-heavy transitions, and rising oil prices in higher-warming 
scenarios. This risk affects our upstream value chain across all regions and impacts our 
ability to financially plan, forecast and manage our business performance.
Product regulations and claims: 
composition and sourcing 
transparency
Risk 
(OO)
New regulations may restrict how we source raw materials, leading to higher costs. 
Pressure to adopt sustainable supply chains could impact business performance, if not 
addressed promptly. Increased global regulation also means more scrutiny of sustainability 
claims, potentially raising costs and harming revenue due to reputational damage.
Pollution
Pollution of air, soil and water 
(excluding plastic)
Negative Impact
(OO) (VC)
Pollution (excluding plastic pollution) of air, soil and water caused by our own operations 
and value chain has the potential for negative impacts. Localised pollution from our own 
operations and pollution in the upstream value chain, which can occur from the use of 
agrichemicals, may negatively impact communities and catchments.
Water
Water shortages in areas of high 
water stress
Negative Impact
(OO) (VC)
Water withdrawal from our own operations and upstream value chain – such as 
agricultural commodities – could result in water shortages, specifically in areas of high 
water stress.
Reducing product demand due to 
changes in water access 
(transition risk)
Risk
(VC)
Reduced availability of water may reduce consumer demand for products that require 
high water usage, especially in areas of high water stress. This may conversely create new 
revenue opportunities for products requiring less or no water.
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
219
OO   Own Operations
VC    Value Chain 
▲        Entity-Specific Disclosure

========== PAGE 9 ==========
Biodiversity and Ecosystems
Ecosystem degradation and 
ecosystem service failures
Negative Impact 
(VC)
Unilever relies on agriculture for sourcing raw materials that can have a negative impact 
on terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems. These impacts include damage to biodiversity 
and other ecosystem services such as water quality and availability and soil health; in 
extreme cases, it can also lead to ecosystem collapse (localised or in multiple locations). 
Agricultural expansion and other biomass production can lead to deforestation and land 
conversion that can cause biodiversity loss, disrupt communities and contribute to the 
drivers of climate change.
Ecosystem degradation leads to 
reduction of crop yields in key 
sourcing locations
Risk
(VC)
Intensive agriculture, deforestation, land conversion and climate change lead to 
ecosystem degradation and loss of ecosystem services such as soil health, water 
availability (too much or too little) and pollinating insects. These ecosystem impacts lead 
to reduced crop yields in key sourcing locations. This may lead to an increased risk to 
continuity of supply, farmer livelihoods and hence cost of goods.
Systemic risk of biodiversity 
collapse (systemic risk)
Risk
(VC)
Unilever is exposed to systemic risks from biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation. 
Disruptions to natural resources can lead to supply chain interruptions and higher 
production costs. Severe disruptions could trigger market shocks, such as commodity 
or industry collapse.
Increased activism, legal or non-
compliance costs resulting from 
biodiversity degradation and loss
Risk
(OO) (VC)
Our actions or those of actors in our value chain that can cause harm to biodiversity and 
ecosystems, could lead to increased public scrutiny, legal claims or non-compliance 
incidents. This could result in penalties, potential loss of market share and negatively 
impact long-term profitability through reputational harm and loss of stakeholder trust.
Resource Use and Circular Economy
Plastic pollution
Negative Impact
(OO) (VC)
The use of plastics in our packaging could cause harm to biodiversity and ecosystems. 
This includes impacts from the production of virgin plastic packaging derived from fossil 
fuels and from the improper disposal of plastic packaging downstream which can result in 
leakage to the environment.
Hazardous waste
Negative Impact
(OO)
Hazardous waste resulting from the manufacture, transport, use or disposal of our 
products may not be properly handled or disposed of. This could lead to environmental 
contamination, public health issues and regulatory non-compliances.
Extended producer responsibility 
(EPR) schemes for packaging and 
other plastic-related taxes ▲
Risk
(OO)
EPR schemes can help to improve recycling systems by ensuring that money is invested 
into waste management and packaging innovation and holding businesses to account for 
the packaging choices they make. Compliance with EPR schemes could lead to higher 
expenses for waste management and packaging redesign. There is also a risk that bans 
and/or taxes are applied to certain types of plastic packaging and single-use plastics 
reducing market access or requiring increased investment in new packaging.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
220
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement
OO   Own Operations
VC    Value Chain 
▲        Entity-Specific Disclosure

========== PAGE 10 ==========
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
As set out in our General Information section on page 218, Unilever’s 
Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies cover our material 
sustainability matters. The material IROs relating to environmental matters, 
including Climate, Pollution, Water, Biodiversity and Ecosystems, and 
Resource Use and Circular Economy are managed through several 
additional policies, as set out below.
Given the maturity of our sustainability agenda, these policies were 
established prior to our double materiality assessment. We began a 
comprehensive review of our Sustainability and Human Rights policy 
framework in 2025, with any required policy revisions planned for 
implementation in 2026.
Own Operations
Unilever’s Environmental Policy was updated in 2025 to align with 
our long-term sustainability priorities and ensure governance of 
environmental issues. The policy applies to our own operations, and we 
encourage partners in our value chain to apply the same requirements. 
This policy commits Unilever to:
■Ensure the Board and Unilever Leadership Executive are accountable 
for implementing the Environmental Policy, overseeing our 
environmental strategy and managing key environmental impacts, 
risks and opportunities, including the effectiveness of our risk 
management and internal control systems.
■Comply with relevant environmental legislation and internal Unilever 
standards in our operations.
■Continuously enhance our environmental management systems and 
processes to improve performance, setting internal targets and public 
goals with clear metrics.
■Report all incidents and near misses according to reporting 
requirements, including thorough investigation, follow-up and 
communication of lessons learned.
■Monitor and report transparently on our annual progress against 
public goals.
■Engage employees on environmental issues, goals, plans and metrics.
■Ensure those responsible for this policy and our environmental goals 
have the necessary skills and competencies to lead and support 
our agenda.
■Collaborate with others to promote environmental care, increase 
understanding of environmental issues and share best practices.
■Monitor and respond to external issues and public concerns related 
to the environment.
Unilever’s Environmental Care Framework Standards (ECFWS) apply to all 
our operations and mandate that the Environmental Policy is implemented 
at all Unilever sites. The ECFWS requires sites to identify potential serious 
environmental incidents or emergencies and establish comprehensive 
plans to prevent or mitigate their likely consequences. Our manufacturing 
sites undergo Environmental Compliance Audits and are reviewed by 
Corporate Audit to assess the robustness of their ECFWS implementation.
Value Chain
Unilever’s Responsible Partner Policy (RPP) applies to our business 
partners in our upstream and downstream value chain. It also includes 
expectations for suppliers to cascade equivalent requirements within their 
own supply chains. It sets out the mandatory requirements suppliers must 
meet and the mandatory management systems we expect them to have 
in place to identify and manage significant environmental risks.
Specifically, the principles and requirements relating to our material 
Environmental IROs are:
■Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions: Reduce GHG emissions in line with 
the goal of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to well below 
2°C compared to pre-industrial levels. This includes complying with all 
legal requirements and holding necessary permits for GHG emissions 
management and reduction.
■Water consumption and management: Reduce water usage, especially 
in areas of high water stress, and manage wastewater discharge 
(pollution of water) appropriately. This includes complying with 
water-related laws and permits.
■Nature protection: Conduct business in a way that protects, preserves 
and regenerates nature (including biodiversity), and ensures no 
deforestation or conversion occurs. This includes ensuring suppliers 
provide deforestation- and conversion-free materials.
■Plastic use and waste: Reduce plastic use and waste to help create 
a transparent and circular economy for plastics. This includes 
complying with legal requirements with respect to plastic feedstock 
sourcing, plastics production, storage, transport and end-of-life 
management.
■Waste generation: Reduce waste generation and ensure waste is stored, 
handled, transported and disposed of in a manner that protects health, 
safety and the environment. 
We verify alignment to and achievement of our RPP’s mandatory 
requirements and mandatory management systems through self-
declarations at registration, annual re-registration to our systems, routine 
due diligence and risk-based audits.
Unilever’s People & Nature Policy is a cross-commodity policy supported 
by guidelines that set out our requirements to Direct Suppliers of 
In-Scope Materials. The policy sets out four principles that these suppliers 
are required to comply with:
■Protecting natural ecosystems from deforestation and conversion: 
We are committed to ensuring that the in-scope materials entering 
our supply chain will not originate from deforested land or converted 
natural ecosystems. 
■Respecting and promoting human rights: We are committed to 
respecting and advancing the human rights of all people in line with 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
■Transparency and traceability: We are committed to transparency and 
traceability in sourcing, governance and reporting to enable us to drive 
continuous improvement.
■Being a force for good for people and planet: We are committed to 
working through partnerships to protect natural ecosystems within 
our supply chain, encouraging legal recognition of customary rights, 
implementing regenerative agricultural land use practices, and finding 
ways to restore damaged landscapes. 
We seek to implement and independently verify the policy requirements 
over time with all our suppliers. 
Unilever Sustainable Agricultural Principles (SAPs) are a collection of 
good practices designed to codify important aspects of sustainability 
in farming, plantation and supply chain management, with the goal 
to positively transform agricultural practices for people, nature and 
climate. They are made up of six core principles, which set out that the 
benchmarked standards should:
■Promote agricultural and business practices that ensure integrity 
and accountability in a way that is transparent and traceable.
■Contribute to an agricultural supply chain that maintains and 
regenerates soil health, supports appropriate land use, conserves and 
regenerates natural resources (including water resources), reduces 
waste and pollution, and avoids the introduction of invasive species.
■Encourage agricultural practices that minimise greenhouse gases, 
improve energy efficiency and accelerate decarbonisation across 
the agricultural supply chain, while building climate resilience 
and adaptation.
■Cover the respect and advancement of required human rights principles 
and ensure that these are implemented in line with the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
■Safeguard the welfare of all livestock, including good animal husbandry 
practices that adhere to appropriate guidelines on animal housing, 
feeding, health and breeding. 
■Promote an agricultural supply chain with suppliers and farmers who 
are committed to continuous improvement to advance sustainable 
agricultural practices within the sector.
We use the SAPs to benchmark external third-party certification schemes 
and standards. The standards are implemented by our suppliers and 
farmers and enable us to source agricultural materials sustainably 
on an ongoing basis.
Our ULE governs the Unilever Environmental Policy and Environmental 
Care Framework Standards. The Chief Supply Chain Officer governs the 
Responsible Partner Policy, People & Nature Policy and Sustainable 
Agricultural Principles.
Our policies underpin our approach to sustainable business. We make key 
Unilever policies (including the Unilever Environmental Policy, RPP and 
SAP) publicly available on our website to ensure that we are transparent 
in our approach, providing access to all our stakeholders.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
221

========== PAGE 11 ==========
Climate
GOVERNANCE
Sustainability performance and incentives
We continue to formally link remuneration for management employees, 
including the ULE, to performance against our sustainability goals. We have 
outlined the details of this in the General Information section on page 215 
and the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 97 and 99. Within this 
framework, progress against our climate goal in 2025 is measured on the 
reduction of our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
Climate Transition Action Plan 
Our second Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) was approved by 
shareholders in 2024. It outlines our 2030 climate targets and the 
mitigation, adaptation and advocacy actions we will take to achieve 
them. These actions are integrated into the annual three-year strategic 
planning cycle of each Business Group. 
The CTAP sets out our long-term ambition to achieve net zero GHG 
emissions by 2039. The CTAP has not been revised in 2025 as a result of the 
demerger of our Ice Cream business; impacts on our decarbonisation levers 
and actions will be reviewed in 2026.
Climate targets
We have set near-term climate targets to reduce absolute GHG emissions 
from our operations (scope 1 and 2) and our value chain (scope 3). Our 
scope 1 and 2 target was set versus a 2015 baseline using the market-
based approach. It was first validated in 2017 by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) as compatible with a 1.5°C pathway in line with 
the Paris Agreement. In 2024, SBTi validated that our proposed scope 3 
targets conform with the SBTi Criteria and Recommendations for Near-
Term Targets version 5.1. We selected a 2021 baseline date for our scope 3 
targets, for which we have more accurate data. We regularly review our 
approach with SBTi. 
Scope of target
Target
Timeline
Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our operations
100% reduction
By 2030, against a 2015 baseline
Scope 3 energy and industrial GHG emissions from purchased goods and 
services (ingredients, packaging), upstream transport and distribution, 
energy and fuel-related activities, direct emissions from use of sold 
products (HFC propellants), end-of-life treatment of sold products, 
and downstream leased assets (ice cream retail cabinets)
42.0% reduction
By 2030, against a 2021 baseline
Scope 3 forest, land and agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions from purchased 
goods and services (ingredients)
30.3% reduction
By 2030, against a 2021 baseline
Climate mitigation actions 
We have identified the following decarbonisation levers and actions that will contribute to the delivery of our climate targets across our operations and 
our value chain:
Decarbonisation lever
Key action
Details
Scope 1 and 2 (our operations)
Thermal and electrical energy
Improving efficiency and using 
alternative sources
Improving thermal and electrical efficiency. Introducing more 
solar thermal technology, electrifying thermal processes and 
transitioning to sustainably sourced biofuels.
Renewable power
Increasing on-site and enabling 
off-site renewable energy 
generation
Increasing on-site renewable electricity generation and enabling 
off-site generation through large-scale physical and virtual power 
purchase agreements (PPAs).
Refrigeration(a)
Reducing emissions from 
refrigeration
Phasing-out high-impact systems and training teams to identify, 
report and prevent leaks from existing systems.
Scope 3 (value chain)
Supplier Climate Programme
Scaling the programme
Building supplier capability through best-practice sharing, 
innovative partnerships and access to technical assistance and 
financing. Embedding climate goals into procurement strategies 
to drive supplier-level climate actions at scale, and engage on 
industry initiatives that advance standardised, transparent 
approaches to scope 3 decarbonisation.
Reformulating products
Using innovative ingredients
Developing lower GHG products including the use of low GHG 
ingredients and packaging, and reducing palm oil usage in soap 
bars.
Forest-risk commodities
Investing in our value chain
Building supply chain infrastructure to meet deforestation-free 
requirements, enrolling more suppliers and smallholder farmers 
in our direct sourcing programmes and smallholder development 
hubs, and driving improvements in the processing of forest-risk 
commodities.
Regenerative agriculture
Scaling up adoption
Scaling up adoption of regenerative agriculture in our Foods 
business and working across shared supply chains with other 
businesses that share our suppliers to amplify the impact of 
programmes.
Chemical ingredients
Reducing GHG intensity
Reducing the GHG intensity of soda ash and linear alkylbenzene 
sulfonate (LAS) production through increased use of renewable 
energy sources and alternative feedstocks.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
222
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement
(a)
To be updated post the demerger of the Ice Cream business.

========== PAGE 12 ==========
Decarbonisation lever
Key action
Details
Packaging
Reducing material use
Designing new product packaging formats, transitioning to 
recycled and renewable feedstocks, and designing packaging 
for recycling. Supporting the development of waste management 
infrastructure.
Logistics
Improving efficiency
Redesigning our network, increasing utilisation of intermodal 
transport, and scaling up electric and alternative fuel vehicles.
Ice cream cabinets(a)
Increasing energy efficiency
Renewing cabinet fleet with more energy-efficient models and 
transitioning to renewable energy.
Aerosol propellants
Developing alternatives
Using less GHG-intensive propellants.
(a)
To be updated post the demerger of the Ice Cream business.
Climate adaptation actions 
Some of our mitigation actions described above include an element of 
adaptation, which is helping our business respond to the current and 
expected physical impacts of climate change.
Examples include programmes to end deforestation and scale up 
regenerative agriculture, which can help communities adapt to climate 
change and increase the resilience of our supply chains through healthier 
soils, which are better able to cope with more extreme weather patterns.
We are taking some other, more specific, adaptation actions outside of 
our CTAP. Examples include:
■Flexible production between manufacturing sites. 
■Water stewardship programmes in water-stressed sites.
■Developing supplier strategies for alternative, sustainably sourced 
materials to build supply chain resilience.
■Leveraging climate-driven consumer demands, such as fabric cleaning 
products that work at lower temperatures.
Climate advocacy actions
To maximise the impact of Unilever’s actions and to create a level playing 
field, we advocate for policies that drive the global transition to net zero. 
Our cross-cutting advocacy plans aim to:
■Raise the ambition of national climate strategies and plans in key 
markets to align with a 1.5°C pathway.
■Ensure carbon is priced at levels necessary for the delivery of the Paris 
Agreement goals.
■Scale up renewable energy capacity and secure the rapid phase-out 
of fossil fuels, including fossil fuel subsidies.
■Support forest protection and nature restoration.
■Encourage evolution of GHG Protocol standards to incentivise faster 
emissions reduction actions in value chains.
Our full CTAP is published on our website at unilever.com. See page 
227 for details of the progress made in implementing our CTAP in 2025 
and page 247 for our EU Taxonomy disclosures.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
223

========== PAGE 13 ==========
Interaction of material risks with strategy and 
business model
Nature and climate change are inextricably linked, with climate change 
being a key driver of biodiversity loss and nature a key tool in combating 
rising global temperatures and related impacts. As a company dependent 
on agricultural commodities and energy-intensive chemical ingredients, 
we recognise that climate change is likely to impact our business over 
the short, medium and long term, with potential impacts on suppliers, 
consumers, customers and other stakeholders. Unilever’s response to 
climate change has long been embedded into our way of doing business, 
and our actions to reduce our impacts on nature are also integral to 
reducing our agriculture and land-based emissions. 
In 2024, we extended our climate principal risk to include both climate 
and nature, of which biodiversity is an important element. In 2025, we 
updated our quantitative scenario analysis of our most material climate 
and nature risks and drivers to further assess our exposure and understand 
the potential financial implications to our business. These risks encompass 
both physical and transition risks – such as extreme weather events, 
biodiversity loss and increasing carbon prices – and stem from global 
climate change itself and societal responses to address it. Each of these 
risks has the potential to influence our strategy and operating model.
Our assessment considered climate- and nature-related risks across 
our business model and value chain (upstream, own operations and 
downstream). We used credible and available pathways and data sources 
to quantify such risks where feasible. 
In line with leading practice, we conducted scenario analyses to 
assess and understand the resilience of our strategy and business model 
under a range of possible futures. These scenarios align with the Shared 
Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) as defined in the Intergovernmental Panel 
on Climate Change (IPCC’s) Sixth Assessment report. We selected climate 
scenarios based on their relevance, usefulness and data availability, and 
included a <2°C-aligned pathway (SSP1-2.6), <3°C-aligned pathway 
(SSP2-4.5) and >4°C-aligned pathway (SSP5-8.5). The selected nature 
scenarios align with the climate scenarios based on their temperature 
goals and policy ambitions. 
Last year, we disclosed results against a specific 1.5°C-aligned pathway. 
This year, we have disclosed a <2°C scenario based on updated research, 
such as the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Emissions Gap 
Report 2025:
■For our transition risks, our models reference external scenario datasets 
with the most stringent emissions pathways aligned with a 1.5°C 
scenario, such as the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) 
‘Net Zero 2050’ and International Energy Agencies (IEA) ‘Net Zero 
Emissions by 2050’ scenarios. 
■For our modelled physical risks, there is less data availability for SSP1-1.9 
so we have used SSP1-2.6 as a suitable proxy given that the ‘very likely 
range‘ of temperatures for this pathway is 1.3-2.4°C. We will revisit this 
decision in the future once sufficient data becomes available for SSP1-1.9 
to allow for detailed financial risk modelling.
The table below outlines a brief description of each scenario.
Topic
Scenario
Scenario Description
Climate
<2°C
(SSP1-2.6)
Global temperatures increase until approximately 2070 before decreasing to remain 
below 2°C by 2100, in line with the Paris Agreement of limiting warming to below 2°C. 
This is achieved through globally coordinated climate policies and technological 
innovation. Net zero CO2e achieved by approximately 2070.
<3°C
(SSP2-4.5)
Global temperatures increase but are limited to less than 3°C by 2100. Global 
development and climate action progress unevenly; some sustainability measures are 
adopted, but fossil fuel use continues and mitigation efforts are moderate. Net zero is 
not reached by 2100, although CO2e levels decline from approximately 2040.
>4°C
(SSP5-8.5)
Global temperatures continue to increase and exceed 4°C by 2100. There is no globally 
coordinated climate policy and irreversible tipping points are at increasing risk of 
being crossed. CO2e levels continue to rise throughout the 21st century.
Nature
High Nature Preservation
Aligned with the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) ‘Ahead of 
the Game’ scenario and utilising the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) ‘Towards 
Sustainability’ data, this scenario focuses on high transition risks and the implications 
of a resilient economy transitioning to a world with lower ecosystem degradation. It 
assumes strong COP15-aligned policies and coordinated global climate efforts limiting 
warming to well below 2°C, reducing biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation.
Delayed Nature Action
Utilising FAO ‘Stratified Societies’ data, this scenario assumes acute disruptions to 
ecosystem services, such as water scarcity, pollination collapse or soil degradation, 
which results in impacts to operations, supply chains and resource availability. This 
triggers rapid and coordinated responses from governments, markets and civil society, 
including urgent policy shifts, consumer behaviour changes and financial reallocation 
toward nature-positive solutions.
High Nature Degradation
Aligned with the TNFD ‘Sand in the Gears’ scenario and utilising FAO ‘Business as Usual’ 
data, this scenario assesses business resilience to high ecosystem service degradation 
and the physical and systemic risks associated with continued environmental decline. It 
assumes fragmented global efforts and insufficient climate policies drive temperatures 
above 2°C by 2050, worsening biodiversity loss and environmental decline, and 
escalating risks for businesses and communities.
The scenario analysis considered how climate- and nature-related risks 
would impact our business over the following time horizons:
■Near term: 2025–2030. Aligns with our three-year strategic plans and 
captures near-term operational risks and policy changes. Additionally, 
this time period reflects several of our targets, such as those pertaining 
to scope 3 emissions and plastics (see pages 229 and 243).
■Medium term: 2031–2039. Aligns with Unilever’s net zero emissions 
long-term ambition (see page 229) and reflects the period when 
transition risks, such as carbon pricing, changing consumer behaviours 
and supply chain decarbonisation, are likely to intensify.
■Long term: 2040–2050. Aligns with global society’s aim to achieve 
climate neutrality by 2050 and coincides with long-term systemic 
economic shifts, worsening physical climate risks, and deep 
decarbonisation trajectories that could transform our business 
environment.
The table on the following page summarises the potential financial 
impacts for each climate- and nature-related risk under different 
scenarios. It also highlights how these impacts and materiality change 
over time, specifically as the time horizon shifts from the short-term to 
the long-term. Risks are presented as the associated revenue or cost 
impact as a percentage of total revenue, and categorised based on 
a relative risk rating. Calculations exclude data relating to Ice Cream, 
which was demerged in December 2025.
These potential financial impacts are based on high-level quantitative 
assessments. They do not include any assumptions about the impact of 
actions we would undertake to mitigate these risks, other than in respect 
of the net assumptions detailed in the tables below. As a result, these 
quantifications do not represent any type of financial forecast and 
are not directly incorporated into long-term cash flow projections. 
However, impacts are considered as part of our impairment and viability 
assessments to ensure we are well placed to manage these risks and 
meet our obligations.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
224
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 14 ==========
Financial Impact w.r.t. revenue (%)
Changing climate and extreme weather events (physical risk)
<2˚C
<3˚C
>4˚C
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
Assumptions
Increased drought and 
water scarcity impacting 
crop growth.
Gross
Gross: Crops (including paper and board): Food and Agriculture 
Organization (FAO) crop production data trends from 2015 to 2050 are 
used to extrapolate projections up to 2070; rainfed crop production 
data is used where available, irrigated data is used otherwise; crop 
categories from FAO soil erosion data are mapped to Unilever crops; 
crops are assigned specific elasticity factors based on U.S. Department 
of Agriculture (USDA) data.
Net: Crops: A share of crop prices is fixed via hedging instrument. 50% 
pass-through rate to the end consumer.
Net
Extreme temperatures 
impacting agricultural 
productivity/harvesting.
Gross
Net
Extreme temperatures 
impacting paper and 
board.
Gross
Net
Ecosystem change and degradation/biodiversity loss (physical risk)
<2˚C
<3˚C
>4˚C
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
Assumptions
Outbreaks of diseases 
and pests impacting crop 
growth and agricultural 
productivity.
Gross
Gross: 
■
Crops: Underlying crop gross assumptions are the same as in 
‘Changing climate and extreme weather events’ (see above).
■
Diseases and pests: Probability of pest/disease occurrence increases 
in line with maximum daily temperatures; pest sensitivities and yield 
losses are defined for each crop type; assessment informed by 
external literature and databases. 
■
Pollinators: FAO production quantity data per country used as proxy 
for Unilever sourcing regions; 10 of 12 key crops included (vegetables, 
cereals and starches, cocoa, coconut oil, palm oil, paper and board, 
rapeseed oil, soy oil, sugar, tea); dairy and vanilla excluded; elasticity 
factors assigned to each crop using USDA data; 2015 land use patterns 
considered as historical baseline for calculating changes in land area 
under different scenarios.
■
Soil erosion: Refers to topsoil stripped away due to natural causes 
such as rainfall and wind, excluding human land use practices; dairy 
excluded from soil erosion assessment; soil erosion academic 
literature has informed modelling.
Net (all models): A share of crop prices is fixed via hedging instrument. 
50% pass-through rate to the end consumer.
Net
Loss of pollinators 
impacting crop growth 
and agricultural 
productivity.
Gross
Net
Deforestation, land use 
change, monocultures 
and overuse of fertilisers 
accelerating soil erosion.
Gross
Net
Reduced product demand due to changes in water access (transition risk)
<2˚C
<3˚C
>4˚C
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
Assumptions
Lower water availability 
leading to reduced 
demand for high water 
usage products.
Gross
Gross: Consumers across all market regions exhibit consistent demand 
elasticity patterns for household water-dependent products in each 
product category; revenue separated into more granular detail using 
proportion of plastics sold in each region for countries where revenue 
classified as others; customer behaviours informed by water stress norms 
and adaptive capacity indices in each region.
Net
Net risk not modelled
Carbon pricing (transition risk)
<2˚C
<3˚C
>4˚C
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
Assumptions
Increases in direct and 
indirect carbon pricing 
resulting in higher costs.
Gross
Gross: Direct carbon pricing includes manufacturing, operational and 
distribution costs; indirect carbon pricing includes costs for raw material 
suppliers due to higher costs for energy sources such as electricity and 
fossil fuel. Emissions assumed to decrease with Unilever forecasts; 
coverage assumptions based on relevant carbon pricing mechanisms; 
given complex supply chains, scope 3 emissions apportioned to relative 
jurisdictions based on scope 1 and 2 emissions proportions.
Net: Emissions assumed to decrease in line with emissions reduction 
targets for scope 1 and 2. 50% pass-through rate to the end consumer.
Net
Extended producer responsibility (EPR) schemes for packaging and other plastic-related taxes (transition risk)
<2˚C
<3˚C
>4˚C
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
2030
2039
2050
Assumptions
Expansion and increase 
in EPR and other plastic- 
related taxes.
Gross
Gross: Proportion of plastics in each component put onto the market 
assumed to be equivalent to upstream packaging volumes data; EPR 
pricing is assumed to grow in line with Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development (OECD) plastics scenarios, specifically 
‘Global Ambition’ for <2˚C scenario and ‘Regional Action’ for <3˚C 
scenario, to reflect regulatory uptake based on global sustainability 
behaviours; EPR pricing is assumed to grow in line with ‘plastic demand’ 
in NGFS Current Policies for >4˚C scenario; EPR pricing of recycled 
plastic assumes a 30% eco-modulation fee based on external research.
Net: 50% pass-through rate to the end consumer.
Net
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
225
Relative Risk Rating
Very low
<1.5%
Low
1.5 – <3.5%
Medium
3.5 – <6.5%
High
6.5 – 8.0%
Very high
>8.0%

========== PAGE 15 ==========
Effects of identified risks on our business model
This section outlines the risks that have been assessed, their potential 
effects on our business model, and the corresponding mitigation measures 
in place. Where relevant, we identify specific geographies or operational 
areas where climate- and nature-related risks are most concentrated. 
Agricultural commodity-related risks
We source ingredients from sectors that are deeply dependent on the 
natural world, particularly agriculture, which is increasingly vulnerable to 
the impacts of climate change and biodiversity loss. Biodiversity underpins 
the resilience and productivity of the natural systems we depend on for 
raw materials. Environmental pressures therefore pose significant risks to 
supply chain stability and productivity, potentially affecting crop yields, 
raw material availability and long-term sourcing strategies. 
Our assessment demonstrates that as global temperatures increase and 
nature continues to degrade, financial risk increases. The >4˚C and high nature 
degradation scenarios indicate physical risks will become more pronounced 
over time. This includes rising temperatures, extreme weather, water 
shortages and soil depletion, and significant biodiversity risks, such as loss of 
pollinators, pest outbreaks and adverse land use changes. These pressures are 
expected to reduce agricultural yields, limiting the supply of key crops. Shock 
events from systemic risks, such as pest outbreaks and extreme weather, are 
expected to increase in frequency and magnitude, impacting the agriculture 
sector directly in some regions initially and cascading through the wider 
economy. These scenarios may lead to transition risks, including increased 
activism and potential reputational damage.
Deforestation poses a risk to our supply chain as well as a reputational risk 
to our business. Land use regulations to conserve and expand forest land 
could reduce land available for agriculture in the short term, which could 
lead to higher raw material prices. For key ingredients like palm, subject 
to regulations such as EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR), we are building 
supply chain infrastructure to meet deforestation-free requirements and 
enrolling more suppliers and smallholder farmers in our direct sourcing 
programmes and smallholder development hubs. We are also scaling up 
regenerative agriculture and collaborating across shared supply chains 
to amplify impact.
Given our reliance on agricultural commodities, these risks pose a 
direct and significant threat to our supply chains, operational continuity 
and long-term value creation. This is compounded by possible global 
responses – regulatory shifts, changing consumer expectations and 
investor scrutiny – demanding greater transparency and action.
Our business model integrates strategies such as commodity hedging to 
address these risks, enhance resilience and increase our capacity to respond. 
Plastic-related regulatory risk
As a global consumer goods company, we recognise that our reliance 
on plastic materials, particularly in packaging, exposes us to increasing 
regulatory risk. Governments worldwide are intensifying efforts to 
reduce plastic pollution, with a growing number implementing extended 
producer responsibility (EPR) schemes, plastic usage taxes and stricter 
compliance frameworks. Our assessment indicates this risk is especially 
elevated in OECD countries, where regulatory maturity is high and both 
coverage and costs are expected to increase to 2050. Our plastics 
footprint also increases exposure in some jurisdictions, notably the EU. 
We have set ambitious plastics targets, including increasing the use of 
recycled content in our packaging, reducing our virgin plastic footprint, and 
increasing the reusability, recyclability and compostability of our packaging 
(see page 243). These targets support the delivery of our sustainability 
strategy and serve to mitigate financial and compliance risks associated 
with evolving global regulations.
In preparing our 2025 Unilever consolidated financial statements, we have 
considered the impact of both physical and transition climate change risks, 
and any planned mitigations, on the current valuation of our assets and 
liabilities. From our review of key financial statement areas, including 
impairment assessments, cash flow forecasts and asset valuations, we 
have not identified any material impact on financial reporting judgements 
or estimates as at 31 December 2025. We will continue to closely monitor 
evolving regulatory developments and assess any resulting implications 
on the valuations of our assets and liabilities in future years. See note 1 on 
page 134 of the consolidated financial statements.
Resilience of our strategy and business model to 
climate risks
Our scenario analysis provides us with insights into potential business and 
financial risks. Although significant uncertainties remain about the extent, 
timing and geographic location of both physical and transition climate risks 
to our business. These insights are an important input into our medium- and 
long-term strategic planning and in 2026, will be reviewed as we shape our 
sustainability ambitions beyond 2030. 
Physical climate risks may impact our business and our supply chain in 
all scenarios, causing damage and disruption, reducing crop yields and 
driving up commodity prices. Rising temperatures and extreme weather, 
including drought and water scarcity, increase adaptation and mitigation 
costs and may reduce demand for our products, especially household 
water-dependent products and in more climate-affected regions. 
To mitigate these risks, we are:
Building resilience in our supply chain: Our supply chain and procurement 
teams manage a range of supply-related risks, including those influenced 
by climate factors, through established processes and an ongoing 
resilience programme implemented across all regions. This programme 
includes structured risk assessment, early-warning practices and 
coordinated mitigation planning to support continuity of supply. In recent 
years, procurement has introduced new digital capabilities, including the 
use of AI, to strengthen risk visibility and improve the consistency of 
decision-making. These capabilities help us monitor potential disruptions 
to supplier sites, logistics routes and material availability, providing early 
signals that inform mitigation actions. The tools and processes supporting 
this work are being progressively rolled out across teams globally and will 
continue to evolve as adoption increases.
Scaling up regenerative agriculture: Resilience is at the heart of our 
regenerative agriculture programmes, where we work to protect and 
regenerate the natural and agricultural ecosystems in our value chain and 
support the people whose livelihoods depend on them. For example, we 
have several projects in place to support Knorr’s supply chain. In Spain, we 
work in partnership with a tomato supplier, Agraz, to address challenges 
such as low rainfall and soil degradation. Practices include water-saving 
techniques like precision irrigation and use of organic fertilisers to improve 
soil health. In Italy, we also partner with Parboriz, employing regenerative 
agriculture practices such as water management and crop rotation to 
address challenges in rice farming, including water pollution, GHG 
emissions and declining biodiversity. 
Sourcing our commodities responsibly: We remain focused on maintaining 
deforestation-free sourcing across our primary deforestation-linked 
commodities and continuing to implement our sustainable sourcing 
programmes. These initiatives help suppliers adopt resilience practices 
and also increase the transparency of our sourcing decisions. We have 
invested over €280 million in Unilever Oleochemicals Indonesia (UOI) 
via which more than 50% of our palm derivatives are processed. Direct 
sourcing of palm feedstocks brings better transparency and traceability, 
and places less reliance on intermediaries.
Implementing water stewardship programmes: In 2025, we had 29 sites in 
water-stressed areas with an active water stewardship programme in place 
(excluding one programme related to Ice Cream). Interventions within our 
factories focus on reducing water usage, promoting reuse and encouraging 
recycling. Within river basins where our factories are located, we work to 
reduce supplier water usage, improve community access to water, or 
replenish resources through landscape projects such as reforestation. 
Leveraging the diversity of our portfolio: While our ability to predict and 
respond to demand shocks may be limited, we are positioned to leverage 
the diversity of our portfolio and the strength of our affordable core 
brands to mitigate some of the impact. 
Hedging against commodity price rises: We forward-buy traded 
commodities and use other similar mechanisms to hedge against price 
rises in the short term, including those arising from climate change. The 
Global Commodities team monitors market insights and risks for all key 
commodities on an ongoing basis to develop hedging proposals.
Transition risks are also expected to impact our business. Earlier or more 
comprehensive implementation of global carbon pricing, evolving 
sustainable supply chain regulations (e.g. EUDR or CSDDD), and broadening 
of EPR schemes and plastic usage taxes could increase costs. To reduce 
the impact of these risks, we are:
Reducing our GHG emissions: We are taking action to reduce our most 
material GHG emissions, as set out in our CTAP, and mitigate the potential 
financial impact of carbon prices. Our actions include supplier engagement 
to reduce emissions from our raw materials and ingredients, as well as 
product redesign strategies towards lower GHG ingredients or formulations.
Advocacy: While the potential financial effects of carbon prices in the 2°C 
scenario may be significant to our business, the <3°C and >4°C scenarios 
would pose profound challenges to global economic stability and thus even 
greater uncertainty for our business. We continue to advocate externally to 
ensure carbon is priced at levels necessary to achieve the Paris Agreement 
goals. This will be key to meeting our 2030 targets and net zero ambition. 
Our wider climate advocacy is both critical to supporting the achievement 
of our climate targets and to driving systemic global initiatives to reduce the 
likelihood of the more extreme scenarios and their impacts.
See page 243 for details on our approach to reducing plastic-related 
regulatory risks.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
226
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 16 ==========
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Policies
Unilever’s climate policies, which include policies related to our own 
operations and our value chain, are disclosed in our Environmental policies 
section on page 221. The table below demonstrates how these policies 
address our material climate-related impacts and risks.
GHG 
emissions(a)
Land use 
regulation
Product 
regulations 
and claims
Energy 
transition
Environmental Policy
■
 
■
 
■
 
Responsible Partner Policy
■
 
■
 
People & Nature Policy
■
 
■
 
Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles
■
 
■
 
Hedging Policy(b)
■
 
■
 
(a)
Includes GHG emissions in our own operations and value chain, and impacts 
relating to changing climate and extreme weather events and carbon prices.
(b)
Unilever’s hedging policy is provided in note 16 of the Financial Statements on 
page 166. This forms part of the Treasury standards ultimately owned by the CFO. 
Actions
The key actions we have taken in 2025 against each decarbonisation lever 
identified in our CTAP are set out below. 
Scope 1 and 2 (our operations)
Efforts to reduce emissions from our operations continue to focus on 
driving energy efficiency measures, sourcing renewable electricity and 
decarbonising our thermal energy consumption. 
In 2025, we implemented a hybrid wind and solar direct Power Purchase 
Agreement (PPA) in Poland, a multi-buyer PPA with our collaborative 
manufacturers in India, and a virtual PPA in Spain. We scaled up the 
electrification of thermal energy by installing industrial-scale heat pumps 
at sites in the Philippines and India, and we increased our use of electric 
boilers with an installation at our Cavite site in the Philippines. We also made 
progress in our transition to renewable fuels. For example, our Vinhedo and 
Valinhos sites in Brazil now use biomethane instead of natural gas. 
Expanding the Unilever Oleochemicals Indonesia (UOI) refinery is a key 
part of our growth strategy, however we need to ensure this growth 
does not impact delivery of our scope 1 and 2 climate target. To help 
manage this, we partner with KIS Group, a leading biogas provider in 
Asia, to secure biomethane supplies for the facility. Together, we 
currently source biomethane from two mills (2024: 2) in our sustainable 
palm oil development programme and aim to scale to additional mills 
in coming years.
Having seen early success through sourcing biomethane produced 
from palm oil mill effluent (POME) in Indonesia, we are advocating for 
wider expansion of biomethane production in Indonesia. In October, 
along with the Indonesian Ministry of Energy, we co-hosted a public–
private roundtable focused on scaling biomethane production.
Scope 3 (value chain)
The table on page 229 demonstrates the contribution of our identified 
scope 3 decarbonisation levers towards our targeted GHG emissions 
reductions to 2030. 
Supplier Climate Programme 
Over 60% of our GHG emissions in scope of our net zero ambition come 
from raw materials, ingredients and packaging, so accelerating the 
decarbonisation of key suppliers remains a priority.
By the end of 2025, almost 200 suppliers (2024: 181) were actively 
participating in the Supplier Climate Programme (SCP), accounting for 
over 40% of Unilever’s scope 3 emissions from raw materials, ingredients 
and packaging. We expanded our supplier product carbon footprint (PCF) 
data collection, receiving submissions from 91 suppliers and collecting 
over 2,000 PCF data points. Validated PCFs submitted in 2025 were 
calculated in line with the WBCSD’s Partnership for Carbon Transparency 
(PACT) methodology and incorporated into our 2025 scope 3 GHG 
emissions calculation. This data helps us and our suppliers identify, plan 
and deliver measurable emissions reductions.
In 2025, we deepened engagement through the SCP working with 
25 suppliers to identify GHG hotspots and decarbonisation opportunities 
across their value chains. 
An example of supplier level climate action is our work with key 
aluminium can suppliers to reduce aerosol packaging emissions by 
sourcing aluminium produced with low-carbon energy. Building on this 
progress, we intend to engage with a larger subset of SCP suppliers to 
develop targeted action plans and drive supplier level climate action 
in the future.
Additionally, we strengthened enablers of the SCP through a combination 
of external partnerships and internal capability building. In India, HSBC 
provides lower cost sustainability linked financing to select suppliers, 
which Unilever supports by helping suppliers meet the requirements of 
the SCP. Upskilling our procurement teams was prioritised to improve the 
quality of climate engagement with their suppliers, delivering training in 
Brazil, India and Poland. We also continued engaging with industry-wide 
initiatives such as WBCSD’s PACT and the Scope 3 Peer Group.
Reformulating products 
Reformulating our products remains an important opportunity for 
emissions reduction. Our Business Groups continue driving innovation, 
aiming to deliver superior products at great value while reducing 
environmental impact. Examples of 2025 innovations include:
■Personal Care: We advanced our soap bar reformulation programme, 
using patented novel structuring technology to reduce palm oil-derived 
total fatty matter while improving efficacy and consumer benefits. 
In 2025, we scaled this across priority soap bar brands in India and 
Indonesia following a successful launch in 2024. Additional market 
rollouts are planned for 2026. 
■Home Care: We expanded our Wonder Wash laundry detergent range, 
designed for short cycles, across more geographies and with new 
variants. In addition, we rolled out RhamnoClean technology – a 100% 
natural, biodegradable and renewable biosurfactant – into our core 
hand dishwash products in Indonesia.
Forest-risk commodities 
GHG emissions from the sourcing of our five primary deforestation-linked 
commodities (palm oil, paper and board, tea, soy and cocoa) arise 
predominantly from land use change, agricultural practices and 
downstream processing. In 2025, we exceeded 95% purchase volumes 
of these commodities as deforestation-free, based on our requirements.
Palm oil is the most material forest-risk commodity in our supply chain. 
To address this, we have increased our direct sourcing of palm feedstocks, 
improving traceability and helping us maintain no deforestation. Since 
2021, we have invested over €280 million in UOI (2024: €218 million) via 
which more than 50% of our palm derivatives are processed. 
Our deforestation-free landscape strategy aims to empower smallholders 
within our supply chain. We continued to increase the number of 
smallholders across Indonesia trained in sustainable agricultural practices, 
with around 29,500 trained since January 2024. 
Regenerative agriculture 
In 2025, we implemented 12 new regenerative agriculture projects, 
bringing our total to 34 projects (excluding one project relating to 
Ice Cream) covering 254,000 hectares since 2021. Our Foods business 
is partnering with CJ Selecta to roll out regenerative soybean farming 
across 45,000 hectares of Brazil’s Cerrado by 2030. This area is estimated 
to cover the equivalent of 70–90% of the soybean oil used in Hellmann’s 
mayonnaise production in Brazil annually. 
We continue to evaluate alternative models to expand scale and drive 
impact. In 2025, we partnered with PepsiCo to support North American 
soy farmers transitioning to regenerative agriculture under the STEP up 
for Agriculture initiative and aim to establish additional pre-competitive 
partnerships and coalitions going forward. See page 240 for our 
Biodiversity and Ecosystems disclosures.
Chemical ingredients 
Two key chemical ingredients used in our laundry and cleaning products 
– linear alkylbenzene sulphonate (LAS) and soda ash – account for 
a significant proportion of our scope 3 GHG emissions. Achieving our 
reduction targets requires decreasing the GHG intensity associated with 
both LAS and soda ash production. 
In 2025, collaboration continued with a strategic partner to reduce 
the GHG intensity of their LAS production. We also continued to secure 
volumes of lower-GHG soda ash from two key suppliers. This includes 
soda ash produced using biomass fuel sources and natural soda ash 
manufactured through less energy-intensive processes that avoid 
additional CO₂ during processing. 
While there has been some industry movement towards lower-emission 
chemicals, progress remains slow. We continue to engage a broad 
spectrum of stakeholders including policymakers, NGOs, industry, 
academics and trade associations to drive a faster transition. See page 269 
for details on our advocacy work in the chemicals sector.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
227

========== PAGE 17 ==========
Packaging 
Emissions from packaging predominantly arise from packaging production 
and at end of life through incineration or landfill. In 2025, we reduced 
our use of virgin plastics for the packaging of our products by 29% versus 
a 2019 baseline. We also reported 57% of our plastic packaging to be 
reusable, recyclable or compostable. Through our purchase of recycled 
plastic, strategic partnerships and participation in extended producer 
responsibility (EPR) schemes, we collected and processed more plastic 
than we sold in 2025. 
Our future packaging plans focus on developing next-generation 
solutions that are reusable, recyclable or compostable. We will also 
continue to reduce virgin plastic use. See page 243 for our Resource 
Use and Circular Economy disclosures.
Logistics 
Our global logistics and distribution networks contribute to GHG emissions 
from fossil fuel use. In 2025, we saw an 8% increase in our scope 3 
upstream transport and distribution (logistics) emissions compared to 
the prior year. This was due to the adoption of the latest Global Logistics 
Emissions Council (GLEC) framework which resulted in an increase in 
emission factors. Nonetheless, we made progress in areas such as network 
transformation, route optimisation, truck loadability enhancement, and 
transshipment reduction across key markets. In parallel, we maintained 
a strong emphasis on expanding the use of alternative fuels and electric 
vehicles (EVs). For example, we scaled up the usage of EVs in the regions 
of Greater Asia, Greater China, Latin America and PTAB. Similarly, the use 
of hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) continued to increase in Europe, 
supporting our transition toward lower-carbon transport solutions. In 
North America, we continued to transition from diesel to renewable 
natural gas (RNG) on specific lanes, further strengthening our journey 
toward carbon reduction.
Ice cream cabinets
On 6 December 2025, Unilever completed the demerger of our Ice Cream 
business. The impact of the demerger on Unilever’s Climate Transition 
Action Plan and climate targets will be reassessed in 2026. 
Aerosol propellants 
Outside of the US and Canada, Unilever uses natural hydrocarbon gases 
for aerosol spray formats, which are not classified as GHGs. However, in 
part due to historic restrictions in the US and Canada regarding volatile 
organic compound (VOC) regulations, our spray formulas in these markets 
use hydrofluorocarbon propellants, classified as GHGs.
In 2025, we made progress developing alternative propellant systems to 
replace hydrofluorocarbon propellants in North America. Dove launched 
an alternative propellant with a lower Global Warming Potential within its 
hairspray portfolio in the US and Canada. Two additional Personal Care 
Power Brands are preparing to launch a novel technology in early 2026. 
We continue to explore solutions for further launches across Unilever’s 
aerosols portfolio.
Climate & Nature Fund
In 2025, our total Climate & Nature Fund commitments since 2020 
were €0.76 billion (2024: €0.67 billion). We invested in the continuous 
development of sustainable supply chains. In addition, we acquired 
a 14% stake in Lucro Plastecycle Private Limited (Lucro), a leading player 
in recycled flexible plastics in India, to scale up recycled flexible plastic 
content in packaging. We also partnered with Conservation International 
to restore mangroves in Ecuador. As part of our goal to protect and restore 
1 million hectares by 2030, this partnership will increase the adaptive 
capacity and resilience of coastal communities through integrated 
management and restoration that positively impacts the area, ecosystem 
health and sustainable use of mangroves. Cumulative spend by the Fund 
since 2020 reached €0.5 billion against our commitment to invest €1 billion 
by 2030.
Our wider influence on society
Policy advocacy 
In 2025, we made progress on many of our climate policy advocacy 
priorities. Key actions included:
■Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs): Unilever called for 
greater national climate ambition and stronger NDCs at both global 
and national levels. We re-signed the Corporate Leaders Group (CLG) 
Europe’s open letter urging the EU to adopt a science-based target of 
at least a 90% reduction in GHG emissions by 2040. Additionally, we 
were part of a business coalition calling for Australia to reduce GHG 
emissions by 75% by 2035 and featured in The Energy and Resources 
Institute (TERI) and We Mean Business Coalition’s (WMBC) report on 
India’s 2035 climate target, highlighting corporate leadership. Our 
report, Bold Plans, Real Impact, published in 2025, reinforces Unilever’s 
role in driving ambitious climate action. 
■Renewable energy capacity and fossil fuel phase-out: Unilever signed a 
joint statement coordinated by the RE100, published during the IEA/UK 
Energy Security Summit, urging ministers and business leaders to 
prioritise renewables and energy efficiency as pillars of long-term 
energy security. Additionally, we showcased our renewable energy 
deployment in markets, including a major solar electricity deal 
supporting suppliers in India, facilitated by government incentives. Our 
Bold Plans, Real Impact report underscores renewables as central to 
achieving resilient energy systems, as well as the phase-out of fossil 
fuels and their subsidies. During COP30, we supported the WMBC’s 
statement urging governments to commit to a roadmap on the 
transition away from fossil fuels.
■GHG measurement and target setting standards: In 2025, we 
participated in the consultation and pilot testing process for the Science 
Based Targets initiative’s Corporate Net Zero Standard Version 2 and 
contributed to the development of Conservation International’s Principles 
for High-Integrity Insetting in the Land Sector. We also joined a group of 
companies committed to trialling Spheres of Influence, a new framework 
designed by Oxford Net Zero and Futerra to capture corporate action on 
climate that goes beyond traditional emissions accounting.
■Chemical ingredients: Unilever hosted a policy discussion in Brussels 
to examine measures advancing the transition to sustainable chemicals 
in Europe. At the event, a new report from Trinomics, Circular Carbon 
Feedstocks for Sustainable Carbon-based Chemicals, was presented, 
outlining six guiding principles for safeguarding the environmental 
sustainability of renewable and recycled feedstocks (RRC) for carbon-
based chemicals. We continued to engage with the Indian government, 
chairing the Material Transition Working Group of the Resource 
Efficiency and Circular Economy Industry Coalition (RECEIC). In March 
2025, RECEIC released a white paper highlighting areas requiring cross-
industry co-operation to accelerate the transition. At the global level, 
we facilitated government participation in the Clean Energy Ministerial’s 
Biofuture Platform. 
Trade associations and industry partnerships 
In 2025, we released an updated Climate Policy Engagement Review. It 
examines 26 of the key trade associations Unilever works with to assess 
alignment on critical climate policy issues for 2024 and identify areas 
where additional engagement is required.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
228
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 18 ==========
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets 
Our near-term 2030 targets to reduce our GHG emissions have been set in accordance with a cross-sector emissions pathway and the draft GHG Protocol 
Land Sector and Removals guidance. They align with the near-term time horizon of 2030 considered in our resilience analysis. Our targets that monitor how 
we are responding to our nature-related risks are set out within Biodiversity and Ecosystems on page 241.
Our total GHG inventory boundary aligns with the operational boundaries defined on page 231. Inventories aligned to the scope of our net zero ambition 
and 2030 climate targets are subsets of the total inventory. As part of our critical assumptions for setting our GHG emission reduction targets, our 2030 
modelled outcomes include our 2030 growth trajectories and reflect the expected technology advances, product formulation changes and portfolio 
shifts in the period. Our GHG emissions for 2015 (scope 1 and 2) and 2021 (scope 3) were considered as representative of Unilever’s typical GHG emissions 
profile and form the baselines for our targets. No adjustments to targets or baseline values were made for the demerger of our Ice Cream business, 
which remained part of the group until 6 December 2025. This will be assessed for scope 1, 2 and 3 in 2026 following the demerger.
The table below sets out our baseline emissions, the scope of our baseline emissions covered for each target and the absolute 2030 GHG emissions target value.
Climate targets (million tonnes CO2e)
Baseline year
Total baseline 
emissions in scope of 
2039 net zero ambition
Emissions in scope 
of 2030 target %
Baseline emissions in 
scope of 2030 target
2030 target
% reduction
2030 target 
absolute reduction
Scope 1 and 2
2015
2.1
95.6%(a)
2.0
100.0%
2.0
Scope 3 E&I
2021
45.1
69.6%(b)
31.4
42.0%
13.2
Scope 3 FLAG
2021
10.2
81.9%(b)
8.4
30.3%
2.5
Total Scope 3
2021
55.3
71.8%
39.8
39.5%
15.7
(a)
Exceeds minimum coverage required by SBTi of 95%.
(b)
Exceeds minimum coverage required by SBTi of 67%.
To meet our targets, our actions must deliver the planned reduction in our baseline emissions as well as a 100% reduction in additional emissions from product 
volume growth between the baseline year and 2030. We have plans in place to cover 100% of our emissions in scope of our scope 1 and 2 target through 
three priority decarbonisation levers: thermal and electrical energy, renewable power and refrigeration. Our current actions only partially address the total 
emissions in scope of our scope 3 target. We have identified a scaling and innovation gap which underscores the need to continually search for new solutions 
and ways to scale existing ones faster than is currently possible. Of the identified plans, we expect the most material reductions to come from scope 3 E&I 
and FLAG emissions related to raw materials and ingredients.
The table below shows the contribution of our identified decarbonisation levers towards reducing our scope 3 baseline emissions and our forecasted scope 
3 GHG emissions from volume growth in the period to 2030, as modelled in our 2024 Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP), i.e. including Ice Cream. 
Scope 3 Decarbonisation lever
% contribution of targeted reductions
(baseline plus growth)
Supplier Climate Programme
14%
Reformulating products
13%
Forest-risk commodities
10%
Regenerative agriculture
4%
Chemical ingredients
6%
Packaging
3%
Logistics
2%
Ice cream cabinets(a)
19%
Aerosol propellants
7%
Sub total
78%
Scaling and innovation gap(b)
22%
Total(c)
100%
(a)
To be updated post the demerger of the Ice Cream business.
(b)
The scaling and innovation gap represents the amount of GHG emissions for which we need to develop new or scale existing solutions.
(c)
Represents 15.7m CO2eT of total reductions by 2030 vs. 2021 baseline plus additional reductions to cater for emissions from growth in the period 2021–2030.
Scope 1 and 2 target performance 
The percentage change in scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions is the difference between the current reporting period and the 2015 baseline 
period (1 October 2014 to 30 September 2015). Gross scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions calculation methodology is disclosed on page 231.
Exclusions: All emissions from biogenic fuels and owned or leased vehicles controlled by Unilever are excluded from the target scope in line with the 
SBTi minimum scope requirement. 
Allocation to Ice Cream: Emissions from dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites and owned vehicles. Baseline apportioned using allocation 
methodology. Where the necessary information is lacking in the baseline period, best available information is used to allocate emissions to Ice Cream. 
2030 target
% reduction
2015 baseline
% change vs. 2015 baseline
Climate targets – Scope 1 and 2 (million tonnes CO2e)
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Reduce absolute operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 100% by 2030 vs. 
a 2015 baseline
 100% 
2.01
 (77) %
 (72) %
 (70) %
Unilever(b)
1.75
 (77) %
—
—
Ice Cream
0.26
 (74) %
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2023 measured for 12-month period ended 30 September.
Despite headwinds in the reduction of our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, driven by vertical integration projects and manufacturing network changes, we 
continued to make progress in lowering our operational emissions through interventions such as those highlighted on page 227. Our Sustainability Progress 
Index (SPI) climate goal performance, for internal remuneration purposes, was 76.6%, as detailed on page 97 We improved our GHG measurement 
accuracy through a more granular estimation methodology for emissions from decentralised business units. Additionally, we incorporated smaller offices 
and warehouses into our Energy Attribute Certificate (EAC) procurement processes. The demerger of our Ice Cream business has had a marginal impact on 
our scope 1 and 2 target, with performance slightly lagging that of the rest of Unilever.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
229

========== PAGE 19 ==========
Scope 3 target performance
Scope 3 Energy and Industrial GHG target – 42% absolute reduction in SBTi Scope 3 E&I GHG emissions by 2030
The percentage change in Scope 3 Energy and Industrial (E&I) GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, upstream transport and distribution, 
fuel and energy activities, direct emissions from use of sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products, and downstream leased assets is the 
difference between the current reporting period and the 2021 baseline period (1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021). 
Emissions are categorised according to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and include those from ingredients and packaging purchased by 
Unilever, ingredients and packaging from collaborative manufacturing in India, fuel and energy activities, upstream transport and distribution, 
hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) propellants in sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products manufactured by Unilever and by collaborative 
manufacturers (CMs) in India, and downstream leased assets. 
Exclusions: E&I emissions associated with CMs outside India, purchased goods and services outside of ingredients and packaging, capital goods, 
waste generated in operations, business travel, employee commuting, downstream transport and distribution, processing of sold products, franchises 
and investments.
Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture GHG target – 30.3% absolute reduction in SBTi Scope 3 FLAG GHG emissions by 2030
The percentage change in Scope 3 Forest Land and Agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions from purchased goods and services is the difference between 
the current reporting period and the 2021 baseline period (1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021). FLAG emissions relate to GHG Protocol Category 1 – 
ingredients purchased by Unilever and CMs in India. 
Exclusions: FLAG emissions associated with CMs outside of India.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Ingredients and packaging purchased and used by Unilever are estimated based on proportion of ingredient and 
packaging materials used in Ice Cream finished goods, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such information 
is unavailable, allocation is based on dedicated manufacturing sites. Ingredients and packaging used by CMs are based on finished goods supplied 
by CMs categorised as Ice Cream products. Allocation is not performed for categories that represent <5% of total emissions, except for Category 13: 
Downstream leased assets where emissions are allocated in full since they relate to ice cream cabinets.
Gross Scope 1, 2 and 3 and total GHG emissions calculation methodology is disclosed on page 231.
Emissions
% change vs. 2021 baseline
Climate targets – Scope 3 (million tonnes CO2e)
2030 target
% reduction
2021 baseline
2025
2024(a)
2025
2024(a)
Reduce absolute Scope 3 E&I GHG emissions by 42% by 2030 vs. 
a 2021 baseline(b)
 42.0% 
31.4
27.9
29.2
 (11) %
 (7) %
Unilever
24.5
—
—
—
Ice Cream
3.4
—
—
—
Reduce absolute Scope 3 FLAG GHG emissions by 30.3% by 2030 vs. 
a 2021 baseline(c)
 30.3% 
8.4
7.0
7.4
 (17) %
 (12) %
Unilever
4.7
—
—
—
Ice Cream
2.3
—
—
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2024 E&I emissions restated from 29.0 MtCO2e due to a change in measurement methodology (an increase of 0.03 MtCO2e) and correction of an error in logistics third-party 
emission factors (an increase of 0.13 MtCO2e). See below.
(c)
2024 FLAG emissions restated from 7.2 MtCO2e due to a change in measurement methodology (an increase of 0.22 MtCO2e). See below. 
In 2025, we continued to make improvements to our GHG measurement methodology. This included: 
■updating CM emission calculations to better align with emission estimates for materials purchased directly by Unilever (E&I and FLAG – Category 1 and 
E&I – Category 12); and 
■using fleet-specific freezer-cabinet energy consumption to calculate ice cream cabinet emissions (E&I – Category 13), which were previously estimated 
using global average energy-use factors. 
We have also included more than 2,000 supplier-specific PCF data points within our scope 3 GHG measurement in 2025. This is a significant improvement 
from 2024 and marks a key milestone towards advancing the representativeness of our GHG data, as detailed on page 227.
Scope 3 E&I: The reduction in E&I emissions since 2021 has been driven by a combination of purchased material volume decline, availability of supplier-
specific PCFs and improvements in GHG measurement. We expect progress against our E&I target to be challenging given the significant contribution from 
the petrochemicals sector and end-of-life emissions from surfactants. This primarily impacts our Home Care Business Group. However, we are making 
progress to develop and scale lower GHG alternatives for these chemicals, as well as engaging with governments to accelerate the transition to sustainable 
chemicals, as set out on page 228.
Scope 3 FLAG: The good progress we have made in reducing our FLAG emissions since 2021 has been driven by several factors, including improved data 
relating to the GHG impact of our deforestation-free sourcing programme for palm oil and the availability of supplier-specific PCFs. Further information on 
the specific actions taken in 2025 is provided on page 227. Our reliance on purchased material volumes for GHG accounting makes it difficult to isolate the 
impact of specific reformulation initiatives. While separate product-level modelling provides an indication of the potential GHG impact of reformulation 
initiatives, isolating these effects in our annual GHG results is an area we aim to progress in future years.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
230
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 20 ==========
Gross Scope 1, 2 and 3, and total GHG emissions 
Total GHG emissions are calculated using the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and relate to the activities reported in our consolidated accounting 
group (parent and subsidiaries). We do not have material emissions related to associates, joint ventures, unconsolidated subsidiaries, or contractual 
arrangements where we have operational control. Total GHG emissions are the sum of scope 1 and 2 activities within our operations and scope 3 
activities covering our upstream and downstream value chain. 
Total GHG emissions include all seven greenhouse gases, as required by the GHG Protocol Standard, combined into a single CO2-equivalent (CO2e) 
unit using Global Warming Potential (GWP) values from the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report for scope 1 and 3, and market-based factors from the IEA 
(2022) for scope 2. Data collection is from both internal and external sources, based on industry-accepted standards where available.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Scope 1 and 2 emissions are calculated as the sum of GHG emissions from energy used, energy sold and refrigerant use, reported in tonnes for all 
manufacturing sites and the majority of logistics and office sites. 
Energy used and energy sold: Data is collected from meter readings and invoices for each site in GJ and includes combustion of fossil fuels (scope 1), as 
well as purchased, generated and sold electricity, heat and steam (scope 2). Carbon emission factors are used to convert energy (GJ) into greenhouse 
gases (GHG). Scope 1 factors are provided by the IPCC, and scope 2 factors are based on Renewable Energy Attribute Certificates or supplier data, 
following the GHG Protocol’s scope 2 market-based method. When Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) are applied, electricity consumption is 
reported as renewable with an emission factor of zero.
Refrigerant use: HFC consumption data is taken from site maintenance records for each site, including Global Warming Potential (GWP) factors for 
each refrigerant type, which are converted from refrigerant losses (kg) to GHG emissions. GWP factors for HFC refrigerants are provided by the IPCC.
Sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) emissions from high-voltage equipment: The amount of SF6 leaked from electrical insulators is calculated using an estimate 
of SF6 across our sites and an average SF6 equipment leakage rate based on IPCC guidelines, multiplied by the GWP factors.
For logistics and office sites not reporting in Unilever systems, scope 1 and 2 emissions are estimated based on measured sites and site headcount or 
pallet position. 
Exclusions: CO2 emissions from the combustion of biomass; the capturing of CO2 by vegetation during growth is considered to offset these emissions.
Scope 3 emissions
The two most material categories of emissions are Category 1 – Purchased goods and services, and Category 11 – Consumer Use of Sold Products, 
which were estimated as follows:
Category 1 – Purchased goods and services
Ingredient and packaging emissions are calculated by multiplying the volumes of ingredients and packaging purchased by Unilever and collaborative 
manufacturers’ (CMs) production volumes by emission factors. 
Ingredients and packaging purchased by Unilever include emissions generated from production and transportation from ’cradle to gate’ (farming/
mining of raw materials to delivery at Unilever). We categorise transportation emissions from suppliers to Unilever under Category 1, instead of 
Category 4 as recommended by the GHG Protocol, as we cannot separate these from other transportation emissions. Emissions not directly related 
to raw material production, such as head office and marketing, are excluded.
Emissions from packaging materials are assumed to be E&I. Ingredient emissions are further categorised into:
■FLAG: Emissions from agricultural raw materials related to land use change and land management up to ’farm gate’.
■E&I: Emissions from converting or processing agricultural raw materials into purchased materials, from farm to Unilever site.
Emission factors for ingredients and packaging purchased by Unilever are obtained from two external sources:
1. Supplier product carbon footprint data: These are received annually directly from suppliers participating in the Supplier Climate Programme and 
internally validated.
2. Cradle-to-gate emission factors in kgCO2e per kg of material: These are calculated using Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) software, Life Cycle Inventory 
(LCI) databases such as ecoinvent and the World Food Life Cycle Database, supplemented with other models and supplier-specific data where 
available. Where no emission factors are available for specific ingredients or packaging materials, an average of known emission factors is used. 
Inbound transport emissions from the supplier to Unilever are separately estimated and added to total emissions.
Collaborative manufacturing emission factors for ingredients, packaging and manufacturing are calculated from the prior year average emissions 
of the relevant product category and derived from ingredients and packaging purchased by Unilever, and Unilever’s manufacturing processes.
FLAG and E&I emission factors for relevant materials are obtained from the eQosphere database where available (provided by Quantis). Where not 
available, relevant emission factors are calculated and categorised as FLAG and E&I based on external LCI data, assuming that emissions up to the 
’farm gate’ are FLAG (i.e. land use change where appropriate, land management, and all other production activities associated with agriculture and 
raw material extraction), with all remaining emissions assumed to be E&I. 
Annual water consumption (m3): Data is extracted from internal systems or estimated based on floor area (m2) for logistics sites or headcount for office 
sites and multiplied by emission factors in kgCO2e per m3 of water consumed, obtained from the UK Department for Environment, Food and Rural 
Affairs (DEFRA).
Indirect procurement: Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions from purchased goods and services not for resale, such as media placement and IT services. We 
exclude emissions relating to trade spend, rent, employee salaries, memberships, tax, interest and depreciation. Annual spend by category is mapped 
to spend categories in the Extended Environmental Input-Output (EEIO) model and multiplied by the relevant emission factor in kgCO2e per £1,000 
spend by category in the EEIO model to calculate total emissions. The EEIO model estimates carbon emissions based on spend using country- and 
sector-specific carbon conversion factors that combine economic trade data and national industry-level carbon emission data.
Category 11 – Use of sold products
HFC propellant volumes for aerosol products produced by Unilever and CMs are multiplied by emission factors in kgCO2e per kg of HFC propellant 
obtained from the IPCC AR6 report. 
Indirect consumer-use emissions are calculated for a representative sample of products, based on grouping of similar products within 13 key countries. 
Consumer use (i.e. the amount consumed per individual portion, single use or serving of a Unilever product by one person) is determined based on: 
studies on consumer habits, on-pack recommendations or internal expert opinion. Consumer use is applied to the primary product (e.g. dishwashing 
tablets); ancillary products are considered to have no impact. This data is consolidated and extrapolated across the sales of unclustered products at 
a category and country level to calculate total emissions of the 13 countries. The total Unilever emissions for indirect consumer use are calculated per 
Business Group by extrapolating total emissions of the 13 countries based on total sales per Business Group.
Other key assumptions
For subsidiaries that do not report in Unilever systems, we calculate total emissions (tCO2e) for purchased goods and services per Business Group 
divided by total Unilever turnover per Business Group (excluding these entities), multiplied by turnover for these entities.
Exclusions: Scope 3 activities are estimated for 13 emission categories. Emission category 10 (Processing of sold products) and Emission category 15 
(Investments) are not reported as they are not material.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
231

========== PAGE 21 ==========
Allocation to Ice Cream
Scope 1 and 2 emissions: Emissions from dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites and owned vehicles. 
Scope 3 emissions – Category 1: Ingredients and packaging purchased and used by Unilever: estimated based on proportion of ingredient and 
packaging materials used in Ice Cream finished goods, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such information 
is unavailable, allocation is based on dedicated manufacturing sites. 
Ingredients and packaging used by CMs: based on finished goods supplied by CMs categorised as Ice Cream products. 
Indirect procurement spend: based on proportion of costs relating to ice cream dedicated departments and functions of total costs.
Water supply: Emissions from dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites. 
Scope 3 emissions – Category 11: Indirect consumer use emissions are based on sales of Ice Cream products. 
Allocation is not performed for categories that represent < 5% of total emissions, except for Category 13: Downstream leased assets where emissions 
are allocated in full since they relate to ice cream cabinets.
Unilever emissions (million tonnes CO2e)
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)(b)
% change vs. 
2024(a)
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (market-based)(f)
0.49
0.69
0.75
 (30) %
Gross Scope 1 GHG(e)
0.43
0.48
0.57
 (12) %
Gross market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions
0.06
0.21
0.18
 (71) %
Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions
0.82
1.26
1.16
 (35) %
Scope 3 GHG emissions in scope of our net zero ambition(g)
47.21
56.61
55.81
 (17) %
Purchased goods and services
37.91
45.28
44.92
 (16) %
Raw materials and ingredients(c)(d)
24.47
29.33
29.75
 (17) %
Packaging materials(c)(d)
6.66
7.41
6.83
 (10) %
Indirect procurement
6.78
8.54
8.34
 (21) %
Upstream transportation and distribution (logistics)(c)
1.87
1.74
1.57
 8% 
Downstream leased assets (ice cream cabinets)(c)
–
1.84
2.30
 (100) %
Use of sold products (HFC propellants)
1.58
1.60
1.48
 (1) %
End-of-life treatment of sold products(c)(d)
3.73
3.84
3.48
 (3) %
Others(h)
2.12
2.31
2.06
 (8) %
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions in scope of net zero ambition (market-based)
47.70
57.30
56.56
 (17) %
Scope 3 GHG emissions – indirect consumer use(i)
49.34
51.35
47.07
 (4) %
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (market-based)
97.04
108.65
103.63
 (11) %
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (location-based)
97.80
109.70
104.61
 (11) %
Ice Cream emissions (million tonnes CO2e)
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (market-based)
0.09
—
—
—
Scope 3 GHG emissions in scope of our net zero ambition(f)(g)
7.19
—
—
—
Purchased goods and services
5.45
—
—
—
Downstream leased assets (ice cream cabinets)
1.74
—
—
—
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions in scope of net zero ambition (market-based)
7.28
—
—
—
Scope 3 GHG emissions – indirect consumer use(i)
0.03
—
—
—
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (market-based)
7.31
—
—
—
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (location-based)
7.63
—
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream, therefore percentage change not calculated on a comparable basis.
(b)
2023 measured for 12-month period ended 30 September.
(c)
2024 Scope 3 emissions restated due to changes in measurement methodology (an increase of 2.68 MtCO2e) and correction of an error in logistics third-party emission 
factors (an increase of 0.13 MtCO2e): Raw materials and ingredients from 26.88 MtCO2e, Packaging materials from 6.37 MtCO2e, Upstream transportation and distribution 
(logistics) from 1.61 MtCO2e, Downstream leased assets from 2.79 MtCO2e, and End-of-life treatment of sold products from 3.70 MtCO2e. See Scope 3 target performance.
(d)
2023 Scope 3 emissions restated due to a change in approach for calculation of CM emissions (an increase of 3.67 MtCO2e): Raw materials and ingredients from 27.53 
MtCO2e, Packaging materials from 5.60 MtCO2e, and End-of-life treatment of sold products from 3.25 MtCO2e.
(e)
Scope 1 emissions regulated by trading schemes amounted to 4.5% in 2025 (2024: 4.2%, 2023: 3.8%).
(f)
Biogenic emissions of CO2 from the combustion or bio-degradation of biomass in our own operations are not reported as part of scope 1, 2 or 3 emissions in line with GHG 
protocol. In 2025, scope 1 and 2 emissions amounted to 0.54 MtCO2 (2024: 0.47 MtCO2).
(g)
3.2% of our scope 3 emissions (2024: 2.7% restated from 2.8%) have been calculated from primary data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners. 
(h)
Includes capital goods, fuel and energy-related activities, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee commuting, downstream transport and distribution and franchises.
(i)
Relates to emissions such as those that arise from the heating of water needed to use our shampoos and shower gels, the energy required for washing machines to use our 
fabric cleaners, and the energy required for the cooking of our food products. Excluded from the scope of our net zero ambition in line with GHG Protocol and SBTi guidelines.
We have seen an overall decrease of 5% in our total scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions in 2025 from the prior year (including Ice Cream). Our progress in 
decarbonising our own operations has led to overall reductions in scope 1 and 2 emissions through interventions in energy efficiency and renewable 
energy sourcing, as detailed on page 227. While we continue to deliver underlying reductions in direct emissions through these interventions, our scope 
1 emissions have increased due to the reclassification of some on-site, third-party-produced utilities from scope 2 to scope 1. Scope 2 emissions have 
further decreased as we are now sourcing EACs for smaller offices and warehouses.
Our overall scope 3 emissions have reduced by 5% versus the previous year (including Ice Cream). The decrease in purchased goods and services 
emissions is due to factors including a reduction in purchased material volumes and availability of supplier-specific PCFs. Explanations regarding the 
impact of reformulation initiatives are provided on page 230. We continue to engage with our suppliers through the Supplier Climate Programme to 
drive decarbonisation across our value chain. Scope 3 emissions have increased for upstream transportation and distribution (logistics), primarily due 
to the update of in-year emission factors.
In line with the requirements set out in the UK Government's guidance on Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR), in 2025 the UK accounted 
for 7.7% of our global total scope 1 GHG emissions (2024: 5%) and 4.1% of our global total scope 2 GHG emissions (2024: 1%) as well as 5% of our global 
energy use (2024: 5%), excluding Ice Cream.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
232
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 22 ==========
GHG intensity per net revenue
Total GHG emissions calculated on a location-based and market-based methodology are divided by total turnover (equates to net revenue).
Allocation to Ice Cream: Refer to Gross Scope 1, 2 and 3, and total GHG emissions metrics on page 231 and 232 for emissions allocation. 
Total turnover for Unilever and Ice Cream are disclosed in the financial statements on page 128.
Unilever GHG intensity per net revenue (tonnes CO2e/€ million)
2025
2024(a)
Total GHG emissions (market-based) per net revenue(b)
1,921
1,788
Total GHG emissions (location-based) per net revenue(c)
1,937
1,806
Ice Cream GHG intensity per net revenue (tonnes CO2e/€ million)
Total GHG emissions (market-based) per net revenue
952
—
Total GHG emissions (location-based) per net revenue
993
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2024 restated from 1,742 tCO2e/€ million due to change in measurement methodology and correction of prior year error. See page 230.
(c)
2024 restated from 1,759 tCO2e/€ million due to change in measurement methodology and correction of prior year error. See page 230.
Energy consumption and mix 
Energy sourced from within the organisational boundary is not counted under ’purchased or acquired’ energy. We consider 100% of our energy to be 
related to high climate impact sectors (manufacturing, transportation and storage), as listed in Sections A to H and Section L of Annex I to Regulation 
(EC) No 1893/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as defined in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288.
For sites reporting energy consumption in Unilever systems, consumption is calculated by consolidating data from fossil, nuclear and renewable 
sources based on meter readings and invoices, converted to common units of energy. 
Unilever-purchased Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) are matched against electricity consumption and reported as renewable, following RE100 
Reporting Guidance 2022. EACs are market-based instruments that authenticate the proportion of energy generated from renewable sources 
procured by consumers, including Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), International Renewable Energy Certificates (IRECs), and European 
Guarantees of Origin (GOs). EACs are purchased in Q2 2026 once 2025 electricity consumption is complete.
For logistic and office sites not reporting energy consumption in Unilever systems, consumption is assumed to be non-renewable and is estimated 
for each utility type and regional cluster based on energy consumption per pallet position (storage capacity) and per headcount, using consumption 
data from similar sites that do report in Unilever systems. For sites where pallet positions (storage capacity) and headcount data are not available, the 
average rate of energy consumption reported in Unilever systems for logistics and office sites is used as a proxy for each site.
A small number of manufacturing sites generate electricity, heat and steam, which is classified as renewable energy if it is from a renewable source. 
This is classified as consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy. Renewable energy generated which is sold to and used by a third party 
is not subtracted from energy generated or offset against energy consumption. 
Exclusions: Our own operations does not include sites that are under commissioning and sites where decommissioning has started. Excludes energy 
consumption from collaborative manufacturers.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Energy consumption from dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites
Energy consumption and mix (thousands MWh)
2025
2024(a)
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products
0
0
Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products
293
461
Fuel consumption from natural gas
1,476
1,445
Fuel consumption from other fossil sources
0
0
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from fossil sources
213
775
Total fossil energy consumption
1,982
2,681
Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%)
 38% 
 41% 
Consumption from nuclear sources
0
0
Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%)
 0% 
 0% 
Fuel consumption from renewable sources including biomass (also comprising industrial and municipal 
waste of biologic origin), biofuels, biogas and hydrogen from renewable sources
1,521
1,349
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from renewable sources
1,674
2,396
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy
47
56
Total renewable energy consumption
3,242
3,801
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%)
 62% 
 59% 
Total Unilever energy consumption
5,224
6,482
Ice Cream energy consumption
1,227
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
233

========== PAGE 23 ==========
Energy intensity
Energy intensity is calculated as total energy consumption in MWh for the reporting period divided by total turnover for Unilever as disclosed in the 
financial statements on page 128. Total turnover equates to net revenue, including net revenue from the sales of products produced for Unilever by 
collaborative manufacturers. 
Exclusions: Total energy consumption excludes energy consumption from collaborative manufacturing.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Refer to Energy consumption and mix metrics above for energy allocation. 
Total turnover for Unilever and Ice Cream are disclosed in the financial statements on page 128. Both energy consumption and turnover values relate 
to activities in high impact sectors only. 
Energy intensity per net revenue (MWh/€ million)
2025
2024(a)
Unilever energy intensity
103
107
Ice Cream Energy intensity per net revenue (MWh/€ million)
Ice Cream energy intensity
160
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
Analysis of renewable and non-renewable electricity in our operations
Renewable electricity (% of MWh)
2025
2024(a)
On-site renewable self-generation
 3% 
 2% 
Purchased renewable electricity
 85% 
 83% 
On-site Purchase Power Agreements
 1% 
 0% 
Off-site Purchase Power Agreements
 13% 
 9% 
Green energy products from an energy supplier (green tariffs/bundled RECs)
 8% 
 14% 
Green energy purchased in markets with greater than 95% renewable grid
 0% 
 0% 
Unbundled RECs bought in market
 63% 
 60% 
Total Unilever renewable electricity
 88% 
 85% 
Non-renewable electricity (% of MWh)
On-site non-renewable electricity generation (e.g. gas-fired on-site CHP)
 10% 
 8% 
Purchased non-renewable electricity (e.g. non-grid transfer of CHP)
 1% 
 5% 
Unbundled RECs bought in an adjacent market
 1% 
 2% 
Total Unilever non-renewable electricity
 12% 
 15% 
Ice Cream (% of MWh)
Total renewable electricity
 96% 
—
Total non-renewable electricity
 4% 
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
GHG removals, and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits 
Unilever will not purchase carbon credits to meet our near-term targets. When any of our brands do purchase carbon credits, this is considered ’beyond 
value chain mitigation’ and does not contribute to the achievement of Unilever’s near-term GHG reduction targets. In 2025, one of our Wellbeing brands 
made consumer-facing claims with reference to scope 1 and 2 carbon neutrality through purchase of carbon credits, and one of our Prestige brands also 
purchased carbon credits. 
We are not yet accounting for removals within our value chain that may arise from the regenerative agriculture programmes referenced on page 227. 
We have taken this conservative approach due to the absence of clear measurement and accounting guidance, recognising that the Land Sector and 
Removals Standard (LSRS) has only recently been published and that accompanying guidance is expected later in 2026. We will continue to monitor 
developments and will review this aspect of our accounting as guidance evolves.
In addition, while the focus of our CTAP is on emissions reductions within our value chain, we will seek to balance any unabated emissions within the 
scope of our net zero 2039 ambition with the same volume of purchased carbon removals from 2039.
Internal carbon pricing 
We believe the use of internal carbon pricing can be important in signalling support for carbon pricing as a policy instrument. In practice, however, 
as not many of our operations are particularly energy-intensive, our scope 1 and 2 GHG reduction target – also included within Unilever’s Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy as part of the Performance Share Plan (PSP): Sustainability Performance Index (SPI) – acts as a more significant decision factor 
than an internal carbon price. Within our value chain, the main impact of carbon pricing schemes is expected to be on raw material costs. Our actions 
to manage these are set out in the section ’Resilience of our strategy and business model to climate risks’ on page 224. We continue to review the most 
effective internal mechanisms to support delivery of our climate targets.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
234
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 24 ==========
Pollution
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Environmental impacts, risks and opportunities resulting from 
the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which these 
were identified, are detailed on page 219.
Non-biodegradable substances, including microplastics in our products, 
were previously identified as a material topic. However, this has been 
assessed as non-material in 2025, as our product portfolio is already highly 
biodegradable across our Business Groups. Consideration of microplastics 
resulting from our packaging is detailed in our Resource Use and Circular 
Economy disclosures on page 243.
Unilever’s ingredient portfolio includes some substances classified as 
‘substances of concern’ due to their potential hazard. However, we 
evaluate consumer, worker and environmental exposures through our 
existing ingredient and product safety assessments, ensuring that our 
products and the ingredient levels we use are safe by design. We base our 
evaluation approach on science and risk-based assessments, following the 
principle that exposure determines the safe use of hazardous materials. 
We update our ingredient and product standards, as well as our safety 
risk assessments, to reflect new scientific data and changes in regulatory 
positions. We have therefore not identified substances of concern as a 
material topic and no further disclosures are included. See page 264 for 
our product safety disclosures.
Policies
Unilever’s environmental policies, including those related to pollution, 
are disclosed on page 221. The table below demonstrates how these 
policies address our material impacts in relation to pollution.
 
Pollution of air, water and soil
Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code 
Policies
Environmental Policy
■
Environmental Care Framework Standard
■
Responsible Partner Policy
■
Sustainable Agricultural Principles
■
Unilever’s Environmental Policy, updated in 2025, sets out our 
commitments to environmental compliance and eco-efficiency practices 
in our operations. These practices reduce and prevent pollutant emissions 
and releases to air, land and water. 
Unilever’s Environmental Care Framework Standards (ECFWS) require sites 
to assess the potential for serious environmental incidents or emergency 
situations and implement comprehensive plans to prevent or mitigate 
the associated likely consequences. We do not have specific policies 
in relation to incidents and emergency situations in our value chain. 
However, our Responsible Partner Policy (RPP) expects our business 
partners to put in place appropriate policies, processes and procedures 
to address environmental issues. 
Actions
Within our own operations, Unilever drives continual improvement 
in relation to pollution through the ECFWS. For our manufacturing 
organisation, the Unilever Manufacturing System (UMS) provides an 
operational framework that supports ECFWS implementation. The 
framework sets out steps for sites to identify and implement actions 
addressing pollution-related impacts. UMS training and guidance 
provide a framework for measurement and reporting that supports 
the identification and reduction of harmful materials. 
Sites periodically develop action plans to improve environmental 
performance, including pollution control. These plans are monitored 
throughout the year. We seek to minimise pollution by tracking 
relevant pollutants to air, water and soil, and implementing both normal 
operating and emergency control measures. These include preventative 
maintenance and monitoring, alarm systems, and dedicated and secured 
secondary containment. 
In 2025, we launched a new global wastewater standard that 
defines limits for direct discharge of total organic carbon (COD) to 
the environment. Each relevant site performed a gap assessment against 
the standard and actions are in the process of being agreed where 
improvements are needed. 
We expect suppliers in our upstream value chain to meet or exceed 
the mandatory requirements of the RPP by implementing appropriate 
policies, management systems and practices. Unilever verifies compliance 
through self-declarations at registration, annual re-registration to our 
systems, routine due diligence and risk-based audits. 
We promote sustainable and regenerative agriculture practices in our 
supply chain through the implementation of the Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles (SAP) and regenerative agriculture programmes. The SAP set out 
requirements for suppliers regarding water management, water quality, 
soil management and pollution control. We also require suppliers to 
have management plans for irrigation, pesticide and fertiliser use to avoid 
contamination and prevent damage to soils, ecosystems and waterways. 
Exposure to ingredients in consumer products may contribute to pollution 
to the environment. To manage these impacts, we conduct safety risk 
assessments on new ingredients before they are introduced to the market. 
Existing ingredients are included in an annual assessment of combined 
volumes to evaluate safety based on overall tonnage. Before launch, we 
review these ingredients according to the latest total tonnage data. Our 
commitment to producing environmentally safe products is core to our 
decision-making on ingredient use. 
At a minimum, we ensure our products comply with regulations, such as 
restrictions on synthetic polymer microparticles, and monitor prohibited 
substances in regulatory lists, taking necessary actions as required. In 
some areas, our standards exceed regulatory requirements based on our 
environmental safety assessments or in regions where regulations are 
weak or poorly enforced. 
Our actions on ingredient use are supported by the expertise of our 
Safety, Environmental & Regulatory Science group – our global centre 
of excellence in safety and sustainability science – as well as our 
Regulatory Affairs team. 
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
Unilever does not have formal targets for pollution emissions defined 
at a global level. We monitor emissions from our sites at a local level 
to ensure compliance with legal requirements and permits. We record 
any exceedance of local permit limits centrally and put plans in place 
to remediate. Our manufacturing sites are also reviewed through internal 
compliance audits and audited by Corporate Audit. 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
235

========== PAGE 25 ==========
Pollution of air, water and soil in our own operations
Pollutants emitted are those contained in outflows from our operations, which may relate to pollutants generated from Unilever operations and/or 
chemical components that may enter our operations, such as chemical components already in the water or raw materials used in operations. 
Each year, Unilever reviews the emissions volumes of pollutants listed in Annex II of Regulation (EC) No 166/2006 to ensure those near or above 
threshold levels are sampled, tested or estimated.
For each manufacturing site where sampling and testing are conducted, pollutant emissions to air, water and soil are calculated using internal or 
certified external laboratories. Where laboratory results are below the detection limit, 50% of the detection limit is used in the calculations. The 
sampling values are averaged and applied to months with no pollutant data. For sites without sampled data, estimates are based on proxy data from 
sampled sites using statistical modelling reviewed by external experts or, for air pollutants from energy combustion, on published emission factors. 
Emissions per pollutant per site are compared to Annex II threshold values of Regulation (EC) No 166/2006. Only sites exceeding these thresholds are 
consolidated and reported. 
Allocation to Ice Cream: Pollutants relating to dedicated manufacturing sites.
We use direct measurement and periodic measurement (i.e. sampling) to calculate pollutant emissions where possible. However, this is constrained by 
the availability and capacity of suitable sampling capabilities. Where data is unavailable via direct measurement or sampling, we employ representative 
data and a number of robust mathematical methods designed to produce a reasonable estimate. Emissions of hydrochlorofluorocarbons, and ammonia 
to air and asbestos to soil, via direct measurement, and emissions of chemical oxygen demand (COD), via sampling, are reported based on actual 
emission data. Estimations make up circa 79% of the remaining reported pollutant emissions (2024: 94%). 
There are significant variances between the 2025 reported pollutant volumes and those from the previous year. These differences are expected and 
have arisen as a result of key improvements in the accuracy and completeness of data collected from sampling, including more precise reporting at 
sites and more accurate identification of emission point types. We have made our measurements more representative by using industry standards for 
samples that are below detection limits, and by using average values for months when no data was available. As a result, some sites are now above or 
below the reporting threshold compared to last year. We are committed to ongoing improvements in our reporting capabilities.
Emissions are reported irrespective of any further downstream processing at treatment plants, such as municipal water treatment or certified waste 
management. For example, emissions of asbestos are directed to specialised waste landfills.
Pollutant volumes (tonnes)
2025(a)
2024(a)(b)
Emissions to air
Ammonia (NH3)
—
—
Carbon monoxide (CO)
—
9,147.0
Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs)
0.4
0.7
Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
942.8
145.0
Non-methane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC)
300.1
839.4
Particulate matter (PM10)
148.4
192.3
Sulphur oxides (SOx)
602.3
150.9
Emissions to water(c)
Cadmium and compounds (as Cd)
<0.05
<0.05
Lead and compounds (as Pb)
—
0.2
Nickel and compounds (as Ni)
—
2.8
Phenols (as total C)
0.3
8.6
Total organic carbon (TOC) (as total C or COD/3)
2,682.7
4,181.8
Zinc and compounds (as Zn)
1.7
2.5
Emissions to soil(c)
Arsenic and compounds (as As)
<0.05
0.6
Asbestos
52.7
32.2
Cadmium and compounds (as Cd)
<0.05
0.4
Chlorides (as total Cl)
—
—
Chromium and compounds (as Cr)
—
20.0
Copper and compounds (as Cu)
0.3
28.4
Fluorides (as total F)
—
416.8
Lead and compounds (as Pb)
0.1
0.5
Mercury and compounds (as Hg)
<0.05
<0.05
Nickel and compounds (as Ni)
0.1
1.1
Total nitrogen
1,292.9
2,629.6
Zinc and compounds (as Zn)
1.8
5.1
Ice Cream pollutant volumes (tonnes)(d)
Total pollution to air
15.5
—
Total pollution to water
1,807.4
—
Total pollution to soil
2,476.5
—
(a)
Pollutants with nil values (excluding Ice Cream) are those with measured values that are below threshold levels. 
(b)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(c)
Mercury in water (<0.05t) and total phosphorous in soil (17t), have been removed from our reported pollutants as they are below the reporting threshold in 2025 and not 
considered potentially near or above threshold levels.
(d)
Ice Cream pollutants mainly comprise of ammonia (air), COD (water) and Nitrogen and Fluorides (soil).
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
236
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 26 ==========
Water
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Environmental impacts, risks and opportunities resulting 
from the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which 
these were identified, are detailed on page 219. Given the nature of our 
business, we do not consider marine-related resource commodities as 
a material topic. 
Policies
Unilever’s environmental policies, including water-related policies, are 
disclosed on page 221. The table below demonstrates how these policies 
address water shortages in areas of high water stress. These policies 
encompass water management and water consumption.
Water shortages in areas of 
high water stress
Environmental Policy
■
Environmental Care Framework Standard
■
Responsible Partner Policy (RPP)
■
Sustainable Agricultural Principles
■
Product innovation is part of our business strategy, including innovations 
related to sustainability topics supported by our R&D science and 
technology programmes. For example, innovating water-smart products 
that help consumers use less water is considered as part of our Business 
Group R&D strategies. We do not have specific policies to manage 
changes in product demand resulting from changes in water access, 
including product design policies. 
Actions
Water consumption
Within our manufacturing operations, we drive continuous improvement 
through the implementation and monitoring of site-level water 
management plans. We seek to minimise water abstraction from shared 
resources per tonne of production, including reusing and recycling 
freshwater wherever practical.
Our business partners in our value chain are expected to comply with 
the mandatory requirements of the RPP, including water-related 
requirements. We verify alignment through self-declarations at 
registration, annual re-registration to our systems, routine due diligence 
and risk-based audits. Business partners must create a Corrective Action 
Plan to address issues identified during third-party audits, and we 
encourage suppliers to contact Unilever for guidance where they face 
challenges in meeting our requirements.
We continue to implement water stewardship programmes in water-
stressed areas where we have manufacturing sites. These programmes 
aim to improve water security through collective action with other 
stakeholders in the shared water catchment. 
■In 2025, we implemented nine additional water stewardship programmes, 
bringing our total to 29 active programmes (excluding one programme 
relating to Ice Cream) in Algeria, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cyprus, Egypt, 
India, Indonesia, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, South Africa, Turkey and United 
Arab Emirates. 
■Each programme follows the Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard, 
an external global framework, or the Prabhat approach, our community 
development initiative in India. Programmes have specific timelines and 
activities informed by river basin studies (eight new studies completed 
in 2025) and local knowledge from regional implementation partners 
such as DKM in Turkey, TNC in Brazil and WWF in South Africa, Algeria 
and Pakistan. Programmes focus on reducing the water footprint inside 
factories or replenishing water resources in the surrounding river basin. 
■In 2026, we will continue to onboard new sites in support of our target 
to implement water stewardship programmes in 100 locations in water-
stressed areas by 2030.
Reducing product demand
To respond to changes in water access, we invest in water-smart products 
and formulations that deliver superior performance to our customers even 
in countries with high water stress. For example, in 2025, we continued to 
roll out our Wonder Wash laundry detergent, now launched in over 30 
markets, including India (Surf Excel). This product provides a short-cycle, 
low-water-use formulation. 
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
We do not have formal targets on water withdrawal in our own operations 
or upstream value chain. Water withdrawal from our own operations 
is addressed through our manufacturing processes and measured against 
local environmental performance targets, rather than global targets. 
Within our upstream value chain, we manage water risk through our RPP 
and verify compliance with its mandatory requirements and management 
systems as described above. Further, we do not have targets on water-
smart product design. 
Unilever’s target is to implement water stewardship programmes in 100 
locations in water-stressed areas by 2030, in line with our Environmental 
Policy. In 2026, we will update this target to focus our impact with the aim 
of implementing stewardship programs for 100% of our production sites 
located in water-stressed areas by 2030. These programmes involve 
working with others to address shared water challenges within water-
stressed areas where Unilever has manufacturing operations. This is a 
voluntary target, and ecological thresholds and allocations of impacts 
to Unilever have not been applied when setting the target. This represents 
all of our manufacturing sites in water-stressed areas. 
Implement water stewardship programmes in 100 locations in water-stressed areas by 2030
Locations refer to Unilever manufacturing sites. 
Water-stressed areas are those with ’high’ or ’extremely high’ baseline water stress, as determined based on the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool, 
or, by exception, based on Unilever’s additional review of site-specific factors and localised water risks to complement the WRI data and ratings. 
Programmes must be implemented within the catchment of a Unilever water-stressed location, operate in line with either the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship Standard or the Prabhat approach, and be approved by a Unilever authority. Programmes must also consist of a material Unilever 
commitment and be created, facilitated or provided by Unilever, or by a third party under a contractual commitment with Unilever. 
Programmes must be implemented between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2025, with activities either ongoing or completed during the reporting 
period, and at least six months having elapsed since the contract was signed. Locations are not counted in the metric if programme activities were 
completed in prior periods and have not been extended or renewed.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Water stewardship programmes relating to dedicated manufacturing sites. 
Water target
Goal
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Implement water stewardship programmes in 100 locations in water-stressed areas by 
2030 (number of water stewardship programmes)
100
Unilever
29
21
13
Ice Cream
1
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
237

========== PAGE 27 ==========
Water consumption in our own operations
Water consumption is calculated as the difference between water withdrawal and water discharge. This is measured using invoices and/or meter 
readings. For sites where this information is not collected (representing 2% of water consumption), consumption is estimated based on site headcount, 
pallet positions and proxy data.
Unilever sites in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress, are identified using the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk 
Atlas tool. These include sites where the weighted aggregate total water risk is classified as ’high’ or ’extremely high’, as well as sites with high or 
extremely high baseline water stress, or, by exception, sites may be identified based on Unilever’s additional review of site-specific factors and 
localised water risks to complement the WRI data and ratings.
Water intensity is calculated as total water consumption in m3 divided by turnover in € million. Total turnover equates to net revenue.
Water recycled and reused is measured via meter readings (78%) or through a water mass balance (22%) at all manufacturing sites and the majority 
of logistics and other sites. Where data is unavailable, the amount of water recycled and reused is assumed to be zero, given the non-manufacturing 
nature of operations at these sites.
For all manufacturing sites and the majority of logistics sites with water storage capacity, the stored water is recorded as the maximum capacity of 
the storage facilities. Where data is unavailable, water stored is assumed to be zero, given the non-manufacturing nature of operations at such sites. 
Changes in water stored is the difference between water stored at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Water consumption by dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites.
Unilever (millions m3)
2025
2024(a)
Total water consumption
14
17
Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress (ESRS definition)
9
11
Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress (Unilever definition)(b)
10
11
Total water recycled and reused
2
2
Total water stored(c)
0
0
Change in water stored
0
n/a
Water intensity ratio: water consumption per turnover (m3/€ million)
272
281
Ice Cream (millions m3)
Total water consumption
3
—
Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress (ESRS definition)
2
—
Total water recycled and reused
0
—
Total water stored
0
—
Water intensity ratio: water consumption per turnover (m3/€ million)
400
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
Based on Unilever’s review of site-specific factors and localised water risks, there are an additional two sites included in the Unilever result excluded from the ESRS result 
(2024: 2 sites), and a further two sites included in the ESRS result excluded from the Unilever result.
(c)
2024 restated from 1 million m3 to 0.3 million m3 due to an aggregation error.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
238
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 28 ==========
Biodiversity and Ecosystems
STRATEGY
Interaction of material impacts and risks with strategy 
and business model
Our material Environmental impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) 
resulting from the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process 
by which these were identified, are detailed on page 219. Impacts on 
desertification and soil sealing were not assessed within our value chain. 
No biodiversity- or ecosystem-related opportunities were identified 
during the DMA process.
Impacts and risks in our own operations
Our DMA concluded that our own operations, covering more than 600 
sites globally, do not collectively have a material impact on nature. At a 
local level, we have identified 10 sites (2024: 16 sites restated from 22) that 
operate within or near biodiversity-sensitive areas, where Unilever may 
contribute to negative effects on biodiversity. To reach this conclusion, 
we identified sites within a 1km radius of biodiversity-sensitive areas to 
capture Unilever’s likely direct and indirect impacts and allow for 
comparability across our sites. 
Each site was assessed using two indicators: 
■The Biodiversity Intactness Index (BII); and 
■Water stress assessment according to the WRI Aqueduct Tool, 
supplemented with Unilever’s localised water stress assessments. 
We selected these indicators due to their global scope, their relevance 
to our operations and recognition by frameworks such as the Taskforce 
on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD). We then engaged with 
sites to understand the local environment, our activities, and current land 
and environmental classifications.
The indicators used identified potential negative impacts, but they 
risk over- and under-reporting due to being outdated and the inaccuracy 
of global biodiversity datasets. Consequently, we are unable to directly 
attribute Unilever’s operations to negative impacts on biodiversity and 
ecosystems. For example, many identified sites are in industrial zones with 
multiple companies. While we know threatened species exist near our 
operations, we have not assessed if our operations specifically affect 
them. Material impacts from desertification and soil sealing were not 
identified in our operations.
Establishing and attributing negative impacts requires local analysis and 
community engagement. In 2025, we began due diligence processes with 
the identified sites to review risk assessments and data held by sites to 
better understand their impacts on the environment surrounding the site. 
These will inform site-level action plans, which will be finalised in 2026.
Impacts and risks in our value chain 
Our DMA identified several nature-related risks in our operations and our 
value chain, including risks that are systemic. Our business both depends 
on and impacts nature, including land, forests and water systems. We 
recognise the loss of biodiversity within these systems as a principal risk 
(Climate and Nature). Protecting these ecosystems is important to ensure 
the resilience of our business and the communities where we operate. 
To help inform the development of our strategy, we reviewed climate 
and nature risks across our business model and value chain. This 
included physical and transition risks relating to ecosystem change and 
degradation/biodiversity loss, which we modelled quantitatively for the 
first time in 2025. The selected nature scenarios align with our climate 
scenarios based on their temperature goals and policy ambitions. The 
approach and associated outcomes are summarised within our Climate 
disclosures on pages 224 to 235.
Resilience of our strategy and business model to 
biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation
Biodiversity underpins the resilience and productivity of the natural 
systems we depend on for raw materials. Environmental pressures pose 
significant risks to supply chain stability and productivity, affecting crop 
yields, raw material availability and long-term sourcing strategies. Physical 
nature risks are expected to impact us and our supply chain in all scenarios.
Our business model integrates various strategies to address these risks, 
enhancing resilience and increasing our capacity to respond as follows:
Responsible sourcing: Our regenerative agriculture and sustainable 
sourcing programmes aim to address the impact of our activities on 
ecosystem degradation and services, particularly in key locations. These 
regenerative agriculture programmes build on our sustainable sourcing 
programmes, strengthening supplier practices and reducing risks linked 
to agricultural commodity dependence. Our actions to stop deforestation 
and conversion are also crucial for addressing the impacts and risks 
associated with ecosystem degradation.
Protect and restore: We take action to protect and restore ecosystems 
within and surrounding our key sourcing locations to help address the 
wider system risk of biodiversity failure and reduce the impact of our 
sourcing on ecosystem degradation and services.
Stakeholder engagement: We engage with a diverse range of 
stakeholders, including local communities and Indigenous Peoples, in 
our sustainability initiatives. For example, we support independent palm 
smallholders through the creation of development hubs that coordinate 
activities to improve farm productivity and ecosystem protection and 
restoration.
Given the significant potential challenges to the agricultural sector 
from high nature degradation, our nature advocacy agenda is critical to 
supporting the achievement of our nature targets and driving systemic 
change to limit the impacts of this scenario.
In 2025, we began developing an updated nature strategy in line with 
the ACT-D (Assess, Commit, Transform, Disclose) framework that seeks 
to recognise and leverage the interconnected challenges of climate, 
biodiversity, livelihoods and pollution to ensure an integrated approach. 
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Policies
Unilever’s environmental policies, which include nature-related policies 
in our own operations and our value chain, are disclosed on page 221. 
The table below demonstrates how these policies address our material 
nature-related impacts, risks and dependencies, focused on our upstream 
value chain. Unilever does not have a dedicated biodiversity and 
ecosystem protection policy focused specifically on impacts from 
operational sites in or near biodiversity-sensitive areas.
Ecosystem 
degradation, 
service failure 
and biodiversity 
collapse
Ecosystem 
degradation 
leading to crop 
yield reduction
Increased 
activism, legal or 
non-compliance 
costs
Code of Business Principles 
(COBP) and Code Policies
■
Environmental Policy
■
People & Nature Policy
■
■
Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles
■
■
■
As described in our People & Nature Policy and Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles, we set requirements for traceability and the management of 
production and sourcing to help maintain biodiversity in our upstream 
value chain. We also consider the social consequences of biodiversity 
loss and ecosystem-related impacts through these policies. 
We do not have specific sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies. 
Based on our materiality assessment, this is an area of low impact 
on nature for our business, as we source only very low volumes of 
commodities from the oceans/seas.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
239

========== PAGE 29 ==========
Actions
Our actions and resources focus on four priority strategic areas and 
address our material nature-related impacts, dependencies and risks. 
We do not use biodiversity offsets within any of our actions.
Regenerative agriculture
In 2025, we implemented 12 new regenerative agriculture programmes, 
bringing our total to 34 programmes (excluding one project relating 
to Ice Cream) that collectively cover 254,000 hectares since 2021. The 
programme has in-field implementation in 17 countries: Argentina, Brazil, 
Canada, Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, 
Poland, Serbia, Spain, Thailand, the UK and the US. We have plans to 
increase the implementation of our regenerative agriculture initiatives 
to more than 400,000 hectares through supplier programmes and 
co-investment through our Regenerative Agriculture Fund in 2026. 
Each programme starts with a context analysis of the local environment, 
in partnership with participating farmers, and draws on the expertise of 
local agronomists. The programmes are designed to address the most 
material environmental and climate issues faced by farmers, with practices 
selected to fit local context and farmer knowledge. Every project includes 
a range of relevant metrics covering biodiversity, climate and other 
ecosystem changes via our Measure, Report, Verify (MRV) framework, 
which generates output- and outcome-level data annually. 
Sustainable sourcing
In 2025, we sourced 81% of our key crops sustainably; this includes 19% via 
purchased sustainability credits. Our goal is to source 95% of our key crops 
sustainably by 2030. The practices set out in our Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles (SAP) enable us to identify and benchmark codes, standards and 
assessments that meet our sustainable sourcing requirements. This action 
incorporates local and Indigenous knowledge and nature-based solutions 
through the requirements embedded within our SAP. 
Deforestation-free supply chains
In 2025, we exceeded 95% purchase volumes of palm oil, paper 
and board, tea, soy and cocoa as deforestation-free, based on 
Unilever’s requirements. Since 2021, we have invested over €280 million in 
UOI (2024: €218 million) via which more than 50% of our palm derivatives are 
processed. Direct sourcing of palm feedstocks brings better transparency 
and traceability, and places less reliance on intermediaries. This 
investment will further expand our independent mills and direct sourcing 
associated with smallholder programmes. This supply chain collaboration 
enhances our impact and allows us to maintain and grow deforestation-
free sources. 
We have continued to invest in the verification of suppliers against our 
Independent Verification Protocols, expanding the implementation of our 
deforestation-free sourcing programme, addressing risk, and ensuring 
the resilience of our supply chain and supporting ecosystems. In addition, 
we engage with suppliers with past policy non-compliances to support 
remediation actions. This has resulted in suppliers participating in 
Unilever’s supply chain and the protection and restoration of more 
than 8,000 hectares of forest.
Our deforestation-free landscape strategy also includes empowerment 
and inclusion of smallholders in our supply chain, through direct sourcing 
approaches as well as working across landscapes. In 2025, Unilever 
continued to increase the number of palm oil smallholder farmers across 
Indonesia trained in sustainable agricultural practices, with around 29,500 
trained since January 2024. Complementary to the programme, Unilever 
is working with independent mills to build a linkage between the mills, 
their smallholder supply base and our supply chain. In addition, as part 
of our inclusive sourcing initiative, we have now mapped over 55,000 
palm smallholder farmers, while further supporting RSPO smallholder 
certification across our palm supply base. 
Local and Indigenous knowledge is integrated into our smallholder 
programme at every phase, including programme design and smallholder 
engagement, to support comprehensive land mapping and evaluation 
processes. In 2026, we will further extend our deforestation-free 
verification programme to additional sources and suppliers, with 
a particular focus on independent mills. 
Protect and restore
In 2025, we implemented 3 new protection and restoration programmes 
closely associated with our sourcing locations. We have implemented 
14 programmes (excluding two projects relating to Ice Cream) in total 
since 2021, covering around 660,000 hectares cumulatively. The 
programmes are geographically focused in South East Asia. They 
incorporate Indigenous knowledge by partnering with local communities, 
through activities including joint programme design, mapping of 
customary areas and supporting traditional forest management practices. 
All actions are tracked against our target of protecting and restoring 
1 million hectares of natural ecosystems by 2030. We continued to 
prioritise landscapes based on our commodity footprint, operational 
presence and the need for additional support from Unilever in the area. 
This included long-term partnerships located across three provinces that 
are the supply bases of our palm oil processing facility in North Sumatra. 
Here, we actively supported programmes leveraging multi-stakeholder 
collaboration, such as the Coalition for Sustainable Livelihoods to protect 
the Leuser Ecosystem and Conservation International in the Tapanuli 
Selatan region. Alongside these programmes, our participation in the 
Rimba Collective is designed to provide conservation finance and project 
implementation across Indonesia, and is key to scaling up our impact 
across palm production landscapes.
Working in these landscapes allows us to engage stakeholders within 
a jurisdiction on sustainable development plans, considering land and 
labour rights. We also invest in innovations to drive large-scale impacts. 
Specific actions for 2026 include scaling up our Mangrove Initiative for 
people, climate and nature in Ecuador, which we are delivering with 
Conservation International, the Green Climate Fund (GCF) and the 
Government of Ecuador. The objective of the project is the conservation 
and restoration of mangrove and other important ecosystems in Ecuador.
Policy advocacy
In 2025, we progressed our nature policy advocacy priorities with a 
strengthened focus on landscape action:
■Landscape Accelerator Brazil (LAB): Through the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development’s LAB, we collaborated with peers 
and value chain partners to align on policy and finance solutions to 
support the regenerative transformation of the Cerrado, a key sourcing 
landscape for our soybean oil. Policy recommendations, including 
scaling up incentives in support of regenerative practices, were shared 
with the Brazilian Government. The initiative serves as a model for 
collective advocacy in other priority landscapes.
■Climate Week NYC and COP30: The need to create a regulatory 
landscape that supports farmers to transition to, and maintain, 
regenerative approaches was further reinforced at Climate Week NYC 
and COP30. This included wider calls for alignment between national 
climate and nature agendas, and greater focus on nature-based 
solutions that support decarbonisation efforts while offering potential 
benefits for livelihoods and wider landscapes.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
240
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 30 ==========
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
We have set targets to reduce our impacts on and risks associated with biodiversity and ecosystems, and to help protect, restore and regenerate 
nature in locations where we have a material impact. Our sustainable sourcing and regenerative agriculture targets aim to address the impact 
of ecosystem degradation, potential crop yield reduction, and biodiversity loss or collapse within our value chain. Our protect and restore and 
no-deforestation targets represent a unified approach to ecosystem intervention, aiming to address biodiversity loss risks and potential regulatory 
or activist challenges in areas surrounding our value chain.
We set targets for both our regenerative agriculture and protect and restore programmes based on exposure to land and our key crops sourcing 
footprint, which we estimate at 4 million hectares. By 2030, our regenerative agriculture programme aims to cover approximately 25% of the land 
required to grow the agricultural raw materials associated with our key crops for Unilever’s products. Our protect and restore target, which focuses 
on ecosystems within and around our key crops sourcing footprint, also aims to cover approximately 25% of our land footprint. After achieving 97.5% 
deforestation-free sourcing of our five primary deforestation-linked commodities (palm oil, paper and board, tea, soy and cocoa) in 2023, we set a new 
goal to maintain 95% deforestation-free sourcing. Continued implementation of this commitment aims to prevent ecosystem destruction and mitigate 
legal and reputational risks associated with biodiversity degradation.
Ecological thresholds and allocations of impacts to Unilever have not been applied when setting targets. Target-setting was informed by, but not 
aligned with, the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework, and all our targets can be allocated to the avoidance, minimisation, restoration, 
and rehabilitation layers of the mitigation hierarchy. Stakeholders in our value chain have not been formally involved in our target-setting process.
Our targets and progress against these targets are set out below:
Implement regenerative agriculture practices on 1 million hectares of agricultural land by 2030; and Help protect and restore 1 million hectares 
of natural ecosystems by 2030
Regenerative agriculture activities eligible for support through Unilever’s programmes must contribute to at least two of the five impact areas outlined 
in our Regenerative Agriculture Principles: climate, soil, water, livelihoods or biodiversity. 
Protect and restore activities eligible for support through Unilever’s programmes are those designed to either conserve areas of natural ecosystem or 
improve ecosystem quality. 
Eligible programmes must operate within a defined geographical area, be approved by a Unilever authority, be operational between 1 January 2021 
and 31 December 2025, and be run directly by Unilever or a third party under a contractual commitment with Unilever. Where a programme is phased 
over multiple years, only the share newly operational between 1 January and 31 December 2025 will be eligible. For regenerative agriculture 
programmes where the area cannot be physically measured, the area is estimated using input from third parties. A programme is considered 
operational if at least one activity has commenced, as demonstrated by the use of budgeted financial or in-kind resources. 
95% volume of key crops to be verified as sustainably sourced by 2030
Key crops include cereals and starches, cocoa, coconut oil, dairy, palm oil, paper and board, rapeseed oil, soy oil, sugar, tea, vanilla and vegetables, 
and account for over 77% of our agricultural sourcing by volume (excluding Ice Cream). 
Sustainable sources are defined as raw materials that are either produced according to third-party certification and aligned with Unilever’s 
Sustainable Agricultural Principles or purchased from non-sustainable sources but matched with credits representing verified sustainably sourced 
raw materials. 
Measuring performance against this target includes the partial use of credits to address the unavailability of physically sustainable (certified) sources 
in some markets. These credits are compensatory and not associated with providing biodiversity improvements.
Exclusions: Crops purchased by third parties; crops used in agricultural production of other purchased materials; or crops included in the 
manufacturing process of purchased materials; and where the volume is <1,150 tonnes.
Maintain no deforestation across our primary deforestation-linked commodities
Performance is measured as the percentage of volumes purchased of palm oil, paper and board, tea, soy and cocoa that meet Unilever’s 
deforestation-free requirements in the period from 1 January to 31 December 2025. 
Materials are determined to be deforestation-free through one of the following means: 
■An independent third-party certification body has provided confirmation to Unilever that the supplier meets the requirements of the Unilever 
Deforestation-Free Verification protocols;
■The supplier has received a third-party certification from one of a list of approved certification bodies that meet Unilever’s deforestation-free 
requirements; 
■The materials come from locations or countries considered to have negligible risk of recent deforestation as per the Negligible Risk Protocol; or
■The materials are in compliance with the European Union Regulation on Deforestation-Free Products (EUDR).
Exclusions: Materials purchased by third-party companies supplying finished products for Unilever; materials purchased for collaborative 
manufacturing; materials included as an ingredient or in the process of purchased materials; or materials produced with multiple interchangeable 
feedstocks; small volume materials for palm oil; and small volume suppliers where aggregated volumes are <5% of total purchased volumes.
Allocation to Ice Cream
Implement regenerative agriculture practices: Programmes funded by or associated to an Ice Cream brand. If a programme does not meet these 
criteria, allocation performed where the supplier, crop and/or site associated with the programme is identified as relating to Ice Cream.
Help protect and restore natural ecosystems: Where the crop supply chain adjacent to the programme work, country and/or Unilever site is identified 
as relating to Ice Cream.
Crop volumes: Estimated based on finished goods supplied by CMs categorised as Ice Cream products, using information such as product recipes and 
production volumes. Where such information is unavailable, allocation is based on dedicated manufacturing sites. 
Credits: Based on the percentage of Ice Cream key crop volumes divided by total key crop volumes, apart from palm kernel oil which is not used by 
Ice Cream.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
241

========== PAGE 31 ==========
Nature targets
Goal
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Implement regenerative agriculture practices on 1 million hectares of agricultural land 
by 2030 (millions of hectares)(b)
1m
Unilever
0.25m
0.13m
0.06m
Ice Cream
0.00m
—
—
Help protect and restore 1 million hectares of natural ecosystems by 2030 
(millions of hectares)(b)
1m
Unilever
0.66m
0.43m
0.29m
Ice Cream
0.02m
—
—
95% volume of key crops to be verified as sustainably sourced by 2030
(% purchased)(c)(d)
 95% 
Unilever
 81% 
 79% 
 79% 
Ice Cream
 74% 
—
—
Maintain no deforestation across our primary deforestation-linked commodities 
(% purchase volumes that are deforestation-free)(e)
 95% 
Unilever
 97% 
 97% 
 98% 
Ice Cream
 89% 
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
These results are from programmes funded by Unilever and our partners. Unilever has an agreement with our project partners that allows all parties to make public 
statements on the total impacts of these programmes provided they acknowledge the role of the other party.
(c)
Raw materials produced according to third-party certification and aligned with Unilever’s SAP were 62% in 2025 (2024: 63%, 2023: 66%).
(d)
Raw materials purchased from non-sustainable sources but matched with credits representing verified sustainably sourced raw materials were 19% in 2025 (2024: 16%, 2023: 13%).
(e)
2023 performance measured for all commodity volumes ordered for three-month period October to December, except for palm oil in India measured only for December.
We continued to make progress against our regenerative agriculture target, implementing 12 new programmes in 2025. We plan to further scale the 
implementation of our initiatives through investment in our Regenerative Agriculture Fund in 2026. We also exceeded our in-year protect and restore 
target, largely driven through the implementation of new programmes, for example expansion of activities within the Rimba Collective and a new 
programme in Ecuador with Conservation International. In addition, we continued to deliver ahead of our goal to maintain 95% purchase volumes as 
deforestation-free. This remains a priority for us, both in terms of retaining existing deforestation-free suppliers and onboarding new suppliers. Our 
performance against our sustainable sourcing target is in line with expectation, as there has been a decline in some portfolios (dairy, sugar and cocoa) 
offset by improvements in others (starches and cereals). As the majority of cocoa volumes relate to Ice Cream, we will review the scope of our targets 
in 2026 and update our key crops accordingly. Further information on the specific actions taken in 2025 is provided on page 240.
Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change
The Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) contains global biodiversity datasets and derived data, including the International Union for 
Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species™, the World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA) and the World Database of Key 
Biodiversity Areas (WDKBA).
Biodiversity-sensitive areas (BSAs) are defined as the Natura 2000 network of protected areas, UNESCO World Heritage sites and Key Biodiversity 
Areas, as well as other protected areas, as referred to in Appendix D of Annex II to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139.
A Key Biodiversity Area (KBA) is a site that contributes significantly to the global persistence of biodiversity in terrestrial, freshwater and marine 
ecosystems. Sites qualify as global KBAs by meeting one or more of 11 criteria in five categories: threatened biodiversity; geographically restricted 
biodiversity; ecological integrity; biological processes; and irreplaceability.
A Protected Area (PA) is a clearly defined geographical space recognised, dedicated and managed through legal or other effective means to achieve 
the long-term conservation of nature, along with associated ecosystem services and cultural values. These areas are obtained from the WDPA.
Unilever site geo-coordinates are assessed using the IBAT to identify those within 1km of a BSA. For each site identified as in or within 1km of a BSA, 
Unilever assesses where there is a negative change in the Biodiversity Intactness Index (BII) and if this is greater than zero between 2017 and 2020; 
and whether this is a water-stressed area according to WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas Tool. For sites where there is both water stress and a negative 
change in BII, Unilever includes this site in the metric and obtains the site size (in square metres) from Unilever’s site surface land area reports. Site areas 
reported in square metres are converted to hectares and summed to give a total area in hectares. 
Sites that were initially identified as being in biodiversity-sensitive areas but are located within highly urbanised regions were excluded from the final 
list, as their proximity to biodiversity-rich locations is limited.
Exclusions: Sites closed at year end, smaller offices, logistics and GBU sites that do not report in Unilever systems.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites, and their associated hectares. 
Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change
2025
2024(a)
Number of Unilever sites in or near (i.e. within 1km of) biodiversity-sensitive areas that are negatively affecting 
biodiversity(b)(c)
10
16
Area of Unilever sites in or near (i.e. within 1km of) biodiversity-sensitive areas that are negatively affecting biodiversity 
(hectares)(b)(c)
64
99
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2024 restated from 22 sites and 322 hectares due to errors in site data (6 sites and 157 hectares, removed), and changes in measurement methodology (5 sites and 66 
hectares, still reported in 2025). See below.
(c)
During the reporting period, 5 sites were transferred to Ice Cream which covered an area of 42 hectares.
In 2025, Unilever invested in improving the accuracy of our site data as part of our continuous efforts to enhance the quality of our reporting. We 
undertook a comprehensive review of our site list to clarify ownership structures and operating status which led to a reduction in the number of sites 
in scope. We have restated our 2024 site and hectare count to reflect these improvements, including removing six sites incorrectly included as a result 
of duplication or sites closed during the period. In addition, for logistics sites where hectares data was unavailable, we have updated our methodology 
to calculate hectares based on a country average for each site. 
While the indicators used may identify potential negative impacts, they risk over- and under-reporting due to outdated and inaccurate global 
biodiversity datasets. Consequently, we are unable to directly attribute Unilever’s operations to negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems. 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
242
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 32 ==========
Resource Use and Circular Economy
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Environmental impacts, risks and opportunities resulting 
from the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which 
these were identified, are detailed on page 219. We included microplastics 
resulting from our packaging as part of our plastic pollution negative 
impact in 2024. However, we assessed microplastics as non-material in 
2025 because our material impact and associated actions relate to whole 
pieces of plastic entering the environment.
Policies
Unilever’s environmental policies are disclosed on page 221. The table 
below demonstrates how these policies address our material risks 
and impacts in relation to resource use and circular economy.
Plastic 
pollution
Hazardous 
waste
EPR schemes /
plastic-related 
taxes
Environmental Policy
■
■
■
Environmental Care Framework 
Standard
■
■
Responsible Partner Policy
■
■
Our approach to plastic packaging is embedded in our overall business 
strategy and product innovation cycles. Our policies in relation to plastic 
packaging encompass the reduction in our use of virgin plastics, and our 
policies in relation to hazardous waste encompass waste management. 
Unilever’s policies regarding the sustainable sourcing of raw materials 
are detailed in our Biodiversity and Ecosystems section on page 239.
Actions
Plastic pollution, extended producer responsibility (EPR) 
schemes and other plastic-related taxes
Our ‘reduce, circulate, collaborate’ strategy focuses on reducing virgin 
plastic, scaling collection and processing systems that help keep plastic 
in circulation and out of nature, and working with industry partners and 
policymakers to accelerate our impact. 
To date, we have driven the majority of our virgin plastic reduction through 
the use of post-consumer recycled plastic (PCR). We delivered this through 
close collaboration with our network of PCR suppliers and our Business 
Groups to increase PCR levels. For example, following significant technical 
advances with suppliers to unlock the supply of high-quality recycled 
plastic, our Wonder Wash laundry detergent bottles in the UK and Europe, 
and our Hellmann’s Squeeze bottles in Brazil, now contain up to 100% PCR 
(excluding lids and caps). In 2025, we purchased more than 152 kilotonnes 
of recycled plastic in our packaging as part of these and other initiatives. 
Scaling alternative packaging formats and materials have also contributed 
to reducing our virgin plastic footprint and will continue to play an 
important role as we work towards further reductions.
In 2025, we collected and processed more plastic than we sold through 
our purchase of recycled plastic, strategic partnerships and participation 
in EPR schemes. To achieve this, we have expanded partnerships with 
waste management providers and community-based collection systems, 
such as those with Lohjinawi and Persada in Indonesia. We continue to 
improve recyclability in practice and further increase access to recycled 
content through advocacy and targeted investments. For example, 
through Circulate Capital’s Ocean Fund, we are investing in waste 
collection infrastructure in places like India, Indonesia and Latin America.
We are continuing to develop next-generation packaging solutions that 
are reusable, recyclable or compostable, while reducing the virgin plastic 
we use. Hard-to-recycle flexible plastic packaging, including sachets, 
remains an industry-wide challenge and a priority for Unilever. Our 
Packaging R&D team is actively developing new flexible packaging 
materials that are recyclable and/or compostable, and in 2026 we will 
update our targets to increase focus on our transition to paper-based 
flexible packaging. 
For rigid plastic packaging, in 2025, we focused on increasing the roll-out 
of reusable plastic packaging. For example, in the UK we launched Cif’s 
Infinite Clean all-in-one spray, which uses a reusable trigger spray that 
reduces plastic waste by 50%. 
We continue to explore innovative reuse–refill formats, including through 
our acquisition of UK refillable deodorant brand Wild. Since 2021, we 
have run more than 50 reuse–refill pilots, which have shown that ‘on-the-
go’ solutions are more challenging to scale than ‘at-home’ models. Based 
on these learnings, we are exploring multi-brand, multi-retailer pilots at 
scale in both developing and developed markets.
Policy advocacy
Individual corporate actions alone cannot deliver the significant 
transformation required. We also advocate for coordinated and enabling 
policy measures, like EPR, to create a level playing field and prevent 
individual business action on plastic from being uncompetitive. In 2025, we 
supported the creation of the Consumer Goods Forum’s policy guidelines 
for effective, locally tailored EPR systems in low- and middle-income 
countries, building on previously published Optimal EPR Principles. 
Unilever also signed the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s Global Commitment 
2030, launched in November 2025, which aims to unite organisations 
across the plastics value chain behind a common vision.
Waste management, including hazardous waste
We drive continuous improvement in waste management at our sites, 
including hazardous waste, through the Environmental Care Framework 
Standard (ECFWS). For our manufacturing organisation, the Unilever 
Manufacturing System provides an operational framework to implement 
the ECFWS. Our sites follow a framework to identify and implement 
actions to address negative waste-related impacts. Periodically, sites 
develop action plans to improve environmental performance, including 
waste management, and monitor progress throughout the year to 
ensure the timely closure of actions. 
In 2024, we introduced a global Waste Standard mandating minimum 
requirements for managing hazardous and non-hazardous waste at 
all Unilever sites. The standard mandates the application of the waste 
hierarchy, engaging employees on waste management principles and 
auditing of our waste service providers. To reduce our waste footprint, 
the standard also requires sites to maintain zero non-hazardous waste 
from manufacturing to landfill or incineration without energy recovery. 
Unilever has maintained zero non-hazardous waste to landfill since 2015; 
we consider this to be maintained when less than 0.5% of non-hazardous 
waste is disposed to landfill. In 2025, site gap assessments against the 
standard were undertaken and actions are in the process of being agreed 
to close gaps where relevant. 
Within our value chain, business partners are expected to comply with 
the mandatory requirements of our Responsible Partner Policy (RPP), 
including hazardous waste management requirements. We verify 
alignment through self-declarations at registration, annual re-registration 
to our systems, routine due diligence and risk-based audits. We expect 
business partners to create a Corrective Action Plan to address any issues 
identified during third-party audits. We also encourage suppliers to 
contact us for guidance if they face challenges meeting our requirements.
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
Our plastic packaging targets focus on the areas we know will have the 
most impact such as reducing our use of virgin plastic and developing 
solutions for hard-to-recycle flexible plastic packaging materials, like 
sachets. These voluntary targets are in line with Unilever’s Environmental 
Policy. 
We aim to address plastic pollution by reducing our virgin plastic usage 
and working to keep plastic in circulation. Having reached our 2025 
milestone (excluding Ice Cream), PCR will remain an important lever 
to deliver our virgin plastic reduction goals. In 2025, we also delivered 
on our target to collect and process more plastic packaging than we sell. 
Although we will continue to deliver this commitment, it will no longer 
be a formal target. From 2026, we will increase focus on our transition 
to paper-based flexible packaging, with the inclusion of a paper flexibles 
target in our Sustainability Progress Index (SPI). Ecological thresholds and 
allocations of impacts to Unilever have not been applied when setting 
targets. Making progress on our plastics targets is relevant to EPR schemes 
and plastic taxes or bans; however, we do not set specific targets to 
manage these.
We do not have formal waste targets in place in our own operations. 
However, waste generation and waste routes are monitored at a local 
level to ensure compliance with Unilever standards and local legal 
requirements. Our global Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) team 
measures the manufacturing sites’ waste generation and reduction, 
and site-level plans are developed where improvements are needed.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
243

========== PAGE 33 ==========
Plastics targets
The scope of our plastic packaging targets includes plastic packaging in 26 countries, which account for approximately 82% of Unilever’s sales. 
Packaging materials comprise of a range of different plastics, including:
■Rigids – plastic packaging materials that are sturdy, inflexible and maintain their shape even when empty (e.g. bottles, jars and tubs). 
■Flexibles – plastic packaging materials that can be easily moulded, folded or shaped, adapting to the product’s form (e.g. pouches, sachets, and tubes). 
Where packaging components are made of multiple materials, those that are predominantly plastic by weight are defined as plastic packaging. 
Conversely, if plastic is not the single greatest material by weight, the whole item is not considered ’plastic packaging’.
Exclusions: All targets exclude plastic packaging purchased/sold (as applicable) by businesses that are not fully integrated into Unilever’s SAP system 
and transport packaging, also known as tertiary packaging.
Reduce our virgin plastic footprint by 30% by 2026, and 40% by 2028, from a 2019 baseline; and Use 25% recycled plastic in our packaging by 2025
Virgin plastic packaging is derived from fossil fuels and/or bio-based sources and has not been recycled. 2025 virgin and recycled plastic packaging 
volumes are recorded based on supplier invoices and product specification information. 2019 plastic packaging volumes are estimated by country 
and Business Group, based on the volume of plastic purchased in 26 countries in 2023 and the ratio of 2019 and 2023 total product sales volumes. 
The 2019 recycled plastic purchased is estimated based on monthly demand by region.
Other exclusions: Plastic packaging purchased by collaborative manufacturers of Unilever products is not included, representing approximately 11% 
of plastic packaging purchased in the 26 countries.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Plastic packaging volumes purchased are estimated based on proportion of finished goods volumes categorised as Ice Cream 
products, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such information is unavailable, allocation is based on R&D 
assignment of plastic packaging materials. 
100% of our plastic packaging to be reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2030 (for rigids) and 2035 (for flexibles); and Collect and process more 
plastic packaging than we sell by 2025
Plastic packaging volumes are based on plastic packaging used in products sold. Approximately 8% of products have incomplete information, which 
is extrapolated from the average of the most similar products available with complete data. To estimate the total tonnes of plastic packaging used in 
products sold for the reporting year, the plastic packaging used in products sold for the 12 months to 30 September 2025 is multiplied by the ratio of 
sales volumes for the 12 months to 30 September 2025 compared to the 12 months to 31 December 2025. 
■Recyclable plastic packaging: technically possible to recycle and has proven commercial viability for plastics processors to recycle the material 
in the region where it is sold. 
■Reusable plastic packaging: designed to be used, then refilled more than once and used again for the same purpose; it must also be recyclable 
at the end of its life and is therefore not assessed separately to recyclability. 
■Compostable plastic packaging: meets international standards and definitions for compostability, and local country infrastructure exists to enable 
composting to take place. 
Recyclability and compostability are assessed based on information gathered from various sources, such as governmental organisations (for recycling 
and recovery rates), industry consortiums and packaging recycling organisations.
Plastic packaging collected for processing is calculated by country and consists of:
■Post-consumer recycled plastic purchased by Unilever, recorded based on supplier invoices and product specification information.
■Plastic packaging collected through activities directly funded by Unilever, tracked by country through invoices, contracts or other written 
confirmation from the relevant supplier organisations. Where it is collected and processed in partnership, we will only count Unilever’s share.
■The tonnes of Unilever product packaging recycled, reused or recovered in countries where Unilever funds municipal recycling through EPR 
schemes are estimated using country-specific Recycling and Recovery Indices (RRI). These estimates rely on government or industry data, 
or on internal expert opinions when external data is unavailable or unreliable. Bottle collection is excluded to prevent double-counting with post-
consumer recycled plastic packaging purchased by Unilever.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Proportion of Ice Cream plastic packaging used in products sold as a percentage of total plastic packaging used in products sold.
Plastics targets
Goal
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Reduce our virgin plastic footprint by 30% by 2026, and 40% by 2028, from a 2019 baseline
 (30) %
Unilever
 (29) %
 (23) %
 (21) %
Ice Cream
 (22) %
—
—
100% of our plastic packaging to be reusable, recyclable or compostable(b)
 100% 
 57% 
 57% 
 53% 
by 2030 for rigids – Unilever
 75% 
 76% 
–
by 2035 for flexibles – Unilever
 15% 
 13% 
–
by 2030 for rigids – Ice Cream
 76% 
—
—
by 2035 for flexibles – Ice Cream
 23% 
—
—
Use 25% recycled plastic in our packaging by 2025 (% of total used in packaging)
 25% 
Unilever
 25% 
 21% 
 20% 
Ice Cream
 8% 
—
—
Collect and process more plastic than we sell by 2025 (tonnes of plastic packaging 
collected and processed, % of tonnes of plastic sold)
 100% 
Unilever
 111% 
 93% 
 68% 
Ice Cream
 105% 
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2023 measured for 12-month period ended 30 September.
We have increased our use of PCR by 4% compared to 2024, reaching 25% PCR and meeting our 2025 target. This progress was driven by packaging 
that introduced or expanded the use of recycled plastics and the demerger of our Ice Cream business, as Ice Cream products typically contain less 
recycled plastic than other parts of Unilever’s portfolio. We also decreased our virgin plastic footprint by 6% compared to 2024, primarily through 
the expansion of PCR (including and excluding Ice Cream). This, alongside lightweighting innovations (reducing the mass of plastic components and 
packaging) and alternative formats that remove plastic from our packaging, remain important levers to reducing virgin plastic. Progress against our 
reusable, recycle or compostable goal remains comparable with prior year; there was a 2% improvement in flexibles resulting from increased sales 
of recyclable flexibles and updates to recyclability assessments. Our plastic collection programme is now implemented in 14 countries (2024: 11), the 
progress of which was supported by long-standing partners and new collaborators. In addition, 12 countries achieved collection and processing rates 
of 100% or greater in 2025 (2024: 8). In all cases, we have continued to improve data quality and reporting accuracy.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
244
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 34 ==========
Resource Inflows
Description of resource inflows
The material resource inflows used in our own operations and upstream value chain are raw materials, packaging materials and water:
■Raw materials used to produce our products include materials originating from agriculture and forestry, including palm-based oleochemicals and 
food ingredients, as well as chemicals that may originate from fossil fuels, minerals or metals extracted from the earth. Unilever’s raw materials 
include biological materials that are derived from or produced by living organisms (e.g. crops, animals, bacteria and fungi).
■Packaging materials include plastic, paper and board, glass and aluminium, and both virgin and secondary materials (materials derived from the 
recycling of primary materials that are reprocessed and then reused). 
■Water is used as an ingredient in our products and for our manufacturing processes. 
Inflows of property, plant and equipment are not considered to be material.
Resource inflows metrics: Products and technical and biological materials used, including secondary materials
Measured based on tonnes of raw and packaging materials purchased for Unilever operations and collaborative manufacturing, and water consumed 
in Unilever operations.
Raw and packaging materials purchased by Unilever and packaging materials purchased by collaborative manufacturers (CMs) supplying Unilever’s 
Business Groups are recorded based on supplier invoices and product specification information. Where supplier invoices or product specification 
information are not available for packaging materials purchased by third parties, volumes are estimated using extrapolation of existing data 
(representing circa 1% of total raw and packaging materials purchased by Unilever and third parties).
Resource inflows metrics: Biological materials that are sustainably sourced
Measured based on tonnes of biological raw and packaging materials purchased by Unilever. Biological material volumes are calculated based on 
supplier invoices, and then mapped to tonnes of feedstock material e.g. chocolate is decomposed into x% cocoa, y% dairy and z% sugar. Water 
consumed in Unilever operations is not included in the measurement.
Sustainable sources are defined as either raw materials produced according to third-party certification and aligned to Unilever’s Sustainable 
Agricultural Principles (49%); or purchased from non-sustainable sources but matched to credits that represent verified sustainably sourced raw 
materials (14%).
Allocation to Ice Cream: Raw and packaging materials volumes purchased by Unilever are estimated based on proportion of raw and packaging 
materials used in Ice Cream finished goods, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such information is unavailable, 
allocation is based on dedicated manufacturing sites. Raw and packaging materials volumes purchased by CMs are allocated based on finished goods 
supplied by CMs categorised as Ice Cream products. Credits are based on the percentage of Ice Cream crop volumes of total crop volumes, apart 
from palm kernel oil, which is not used by Ice Cream.
For water consumption volumes, including Ice Cream allocation, refer to Water Consumption metrics on page 238.
Unilever resource inflows weight
2025
2024(a)
Total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (million tonnes)(b)
26
32
Biological materials used that are sustainably sourced as a percentage of biological materials used (%)
 63% 
 60% 
Total weight of secondary materials used (million tonnes)
1
1
Secondary material used as a percentage of total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (%)
 2% 
 2% 
Ice Cream resource inflows weight
Total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (million tonnes)(c)
4
—
Biological materials used that are sustainably sourced as a percentage of biological materials used (%)
 57% 
—
Total weight of secondary materials used (million tonnes)
—
—
Secondary material used as a percentage of total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (%)
 2% 
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
Of the total tonnes, 52% (2024: 47%) was raw and packaging materials purchased for Unilever operations and collaborative manufacturing, and 48% was water consumed 
in operations.
(c)
Of the total Ice Cream tonnes, 33% was raw and packaging materials purchased for Unilever operations and collaborative manufacturing, and 67% was water consumed 
in operations.
Resource Outflows
Products and materials
Description of resource outflows
Resource outflows include consumer products, the packaging materials used to contain or protect them, and waste materials. Consumer products 
include food, beauty, personal care and home care products. Packaging materials include plastic, paper and board, glass and aluminium. 
Exclusions: Our products are designed to be consumed, such as food, or to deliver benefits to the consumer and then pass into wastewater, such as 
shampoo or laundry detergent. As such, repairability and durability are not relevant concepts.
Product and material metrics
Measured based on tonnes of packaging materials purchased for Unilever operations and collaborative manufacturing.
Packaging materials purchased by Unilever and collaborative manufacturers supplying Unilever’s Business Groups are recorded based on supplier 
invoices and product specification information. Where supplier invoices or product specification information are not available for packaging materials 
purchased by third parties, volumes are estimated using extrapolation of existing data (representing circa 7% of total packaging materials purchased 
by Unilever and third parties).
Recyclability is assessed using data from various sources, such as governmental organisations (for recycling and recovery rates), industry consortiums 
and packaging recycling organisations. This reflects the technical potential to recycle a packaging material. 
Exclusions: Product recyclability is not a materially relevant concept for our consumer products and is therefore excluded from the metric.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Packaging material volumes purchased by Unilever are estimated based on proportion of packaging materials used in Ice 
Cream finished goods, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such information is unavailable, allocation is based 
on dedicated manufacturing sites. Packaging material volumes purchased by CMs are allocated based on finished goods supplied by CMs categorised 
as Ice Cream products.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
245

========== PAGE 35 ==========
The percentage of our packaging that is recyclable using existing technology is set out below. Not all packaging that is technically recyclable will 
actually be recycled, due to a lack of infrastructure. Our plastic packaging actions and ’actual recyclability’ goals are outlined on page 243.
Product and material metrics (%)
2025
2024(a)
Rate of recyclable content in packaging materials used
 80% 
 78% 
Ice Cream product and material metrics (%)
Rate of recyclable content in packaging materials used 
 79% 
 — 
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
Waste
Description of waste composition
Waste streams relevant to the consumer goods sector include waste from industrial processes, food and packaging. Materials present in the waste 
generated by Unilever include raw materials used to manufacture products in various stages of processing, such as food ingredients; packaging 
materials, such as plastic and paper; and waste from production processes, such as boiler ash.
Waste metrics
Waste is measured for all manufacturing sites and the majority of logistics and other sites. This is based on documentation, provided by waste service 
providers, which breaks down the type of waste that has been collected, the amount and the waste management route. For the remaining sites, 
representing 2% of volumes, estimates are made for hazardous and non-hazardous waste based on measured sites and site headcount or pallet 
position. It is assumed that all estimated hazardous waste is directed to disposal by incineration without energy recovery and all estimated non-
hazardous waste is directed to disposal by landfill.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Waste from dedicated manufacturing and logistics sites.
Waste generated in own operations (thousands tonnes)
2025
2024(a)
Total waste generated
493
731
Hazardous waste diverted from disposal
19
25
For preparation for reuse
4
4
For recycling
7
11
For other recovery operations
8
10
Non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal
467
699
For preparation for reuse
133
196
For recycling
235
337
For other recovery operations
99
166
Hazardous waste directed to disposal
5
6
By incineration without energy recovery
4
4
By landfilling
1
2
By other disposal operations
—
—
Non-hazardous waste directed to disposal
2
1
By incineration without energy recovery
—
—
By landfilling
2
1
By other disposal operations
—
—
Non-recycled waste
114
183
Percentage of non-recycled waste (%)
 23% 
 25% 
Total hazardous waste including radioactive waste
24
31
Ice Cream waste generated in own operations (thousands tonnes)
Total waste generated
205
—
Total waste diverted from disposal
205
—
Total waste directed to disposal
—
—
Total non-recycled waste
75
—
Percentage of non-recycled waste (%)
 36% 
—
Total hazardous waste including radioactive waste
1
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
246
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 36 ==========
EU Taxonomy Disclosures
OVERVIEW
The EU Taxonomy regulation, part of the European Action Plan for 
Sustainable Finance, aims to direct capital flows into sustainable activities. 
The regulation outlines certain activities, referred to as ’eligible’ and 
’aligned’. Businesses need to assess whether they have eligible and aligned 
activities within each of the six environmental objectives: i) climate change 
mitigation, ii) climate change adaptation, iii) sustainable use and protection 
of water and marine resources, iv) transition to a circular economy, 
v) pollution prevention and control, and vi) protection and restoration 
of biodiversity and ecosystems.
For the financial year 2025, Unilever is reporting under the new Delegated 
Act adopted in 2026, applicable for the 2025 reporting cycle. This Act 
does not change the intentions of the previous Delegated Acts or the 
environmentally sustainable activities to be reported. Under the new 
Delegated Act, Unilever has applied a 10% materiality threshold and 
followed the presentational approach as laid out within the Act.
Eligible activities are designated as aligned in accordance with the criteria 
set out in the regulations if they:
■are considered to make a substantial contribution to an objective;
■do no significant harm to the remaining five objectives; and
■meet the minimum set of criteria with respect to human rights, bribery 
and corruption, taxation and fair competition. 
Using the current list of eligible activities and the alignment criteria, we 
have reviewed the Group’s turnover, capital expenditure and operating 
expenditure (as defined by the EU Taxonomy) to identify the extent of any 
material eligible and aligned activities within our business. The outcome of 
our review is presented below. 
The EU Taxonomy remains a work in progress. In creating the current list of 
environmentally sustainable activities, the European Commission has not 
yet considered the FMCG industry in which the Group operates, focusing 
instead on the more carbon-intensive industries where it believes there is 
the most potential for climate change mitigation or adaptation. Unilever 
will continue to monitor updates to the regulation and welcomes future 
review of the Taxonomy, to be completed in 2026.
On 6 December 2025, Unilever completed the demerger of our Ice Cream 
business. In preparing our 2025 disclosure, we have followed the guidance 
provided by the European Union on treating turnover and capital 
expenditure from disposal groups and discontinued operations.
TURNOVER KPI
For the year ended 31 December 2025, none of our continuing operations 
turnover related to eligible activities, as detailed in our consolidated 
income statement on page 128. Income from discontinued operations is 
not classified as turnover. Therefore, none of our turnover is subject to 
alignment testing. 
OPERATING EXPENDITURE KPI
As per the EU Taxonomy, operating expenditure is defined as directly 
incurred, non-capitalised costs relating to research and development, 
building renovations, short-term leases, or the repair and maintenance of 
property, plant and equipment. For the year ended 31 December 2025, we 
did not identify any operating expenditure in respect to eligible activities. As a 
consequence, none of our operating expenditure can be classified as aligned.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE KPI
For the year ended 31 December 2025, 15.6% of our capital expenditure 
related to eligible activities, as set out in our consolidated financial 
statements. This includes all additions to intangible assets, as detailed in 
note 9 on page 152, and all additions to tangible assets (both leased and 
owned), as detailed in note 10 on page 155. Those additions include those 
resulting from business combinations and are before depreciation, 
amortisation and any re-measurements. 
Unilever has applied a 10% materiality threshold, as set out in the 
Delegated Act 2025, as part of our assessment. For the additions related to 
in-year discontinued operations, we have followed the guidance as set out 
by the European Commission and included all additions (including capital 
expenditure related to the discontinued operation).
We have identified eligible activities that relate to i) climate change 
mitigation and ii) climate change adaptation. We have also identified 
certain activities related to iii) sustainable use and protection of water 
and marine resources, and iv) transition to a circular economy. However, 
these are not material and therefore alignment testing was not completed. 
Categories which were deemed immaterial included, but were not limited 
to, clean energy generation and distribution, low-emission transport, 
circular economy processes, and resilient water and waste-management 
infrastructure. We did not identify eligible activities in respect of v) 
pollution prevention and control, and vi) protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystems. 
For the remaining material activities that are eligible – relating to CCM/
CCA 7.7 (the acquisition and ownership of buildings) – we have not been 
able to meet the Substantial Contribution or Do No Significant Harm 
criteria, as we do not have access to EPC certificates or undertake a 
climate and vulnerability assessment for these assets. As a consequence, 
none of our capital expenditure can be classified as aligned.
We meet the minimum set of criteria with respect to human rights, corruption 
and bribery, taxation and fair competition. We determined this by assessing 
our internal policies against the criteria and reviewing any breaches or 
violations identified in the reporting period.
Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activities
Activity code(a)
Activity narrative
Context for Unilever
€ million
% total CapEx
CCM/CCA 7.7
Acquisition and ownership of buildings
Renting and the purchasing of buildings is an activity that 
Unilever has engaged in.
542
 16% 
Total Eligible
542
 16% 
(a)
CCM/CCA = Climate Change Mitigation/Climate Change Adaptation.
EU Taxonomy Summary table
Financial 
Year (N)
2025
KPI (1)
Total (2)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-eligible 
activities (3)
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities (4)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities (5)
Breakdown by environmental objectives of Taxonomy-aligned 
activities
Proportion of enabling 
activities (12)
Proportion of 
transitional activities (13)
Not assessed activities 
considered non-material 
(14)
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities in previous 
financial year (N-1) (15)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities in previous 
financial year (N-1) (16)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (6)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (7)
Water (8)
Circular Economy 
(9)
Pollution (10)
Biodiversity (11)
€ million
%
€ million
%
%
%
%
%
%
%
%
%
%
€ million
%
Turnover
50,503
 —% 
0
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
0
 —% 
CapEx
3,482
 16% 
0
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 5% 
0
 —% 
OpEx
1,447
 —% 
0
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
 —% 
0
 —% 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
247

========== PAGE 37 ==========
Capital Expenditure KPI table
Reported KPI
CapEx
Financial Year (N)
2025
Economic Activities (1)
Code (2)
Taxonomy-eligible CapEx
Taxonomy-aligned CapEx
Taxonomy-aligned CapEx
Environmental objective of taxonomy-aligned 
activities
Enabling activity (12)
Transitional activity (13)
Proportion of Taxonomy-
aligned in Taxonomy-
eligible (14)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (6)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (7)
Water (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Pollution (10)
Biodiversity (11)
%
€ 
million
%
%
%
%
%
%
%
E
T
%
Acquisition and ownership of buildings
CCM/CCA 7.7
16%
0
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
Sum of alignment per objective
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
Total CapEx
16%
0
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
—%
ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES
248
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 38 ==========
Social Disclosures
The scope of our Social disclosures includes:
■Own workforce: Unilever employees, i.e. those in a direct employment 
relationship with Unilever according to national law or practice, and 
non-employees, i.e. contractors working for Unilever, such as self-
employed individuals or those provided by employment agencies.
■Value chain: People employed by Unilever’s business partners, 
including our global supply chain, collaborative manufacturers, 
distributors, retailers, agents, franchisers and importers.
■Affected communities: Individuals and local communities, including 
Indigenous Peoples, living or working in areas impacted by our 
operations or value chain activities.
■Consumers and end-users: The individuals and households who use 
our products every day.
We consolidated disclosures relating to human rights impacts into the 
‘Approach to Human Rights’ section as due diligence processes are common 
across our rightsholders. As a result, we have not included a separate 
section for affected communities within the sustainability statement.
SOCIAL MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
The process for assessing and identifying our material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (IROs) is informed by our double materiality assessment 
(DMA), as detailed in our General Information section on page 216. 
In identifying our material IROs, we have considered all groups of people 
within the scope of our disclosures, as set out above, and all topics 
connected to our strategy and business model. The Board engages 
regularly with our workforce, and our Supply Chain and Procurement 
teams maintain communication with our business partners and affected 
communities. This feedback provides a key input into our DMA.
Consideration is given to our enterprise risk management processes and 
principal risks, including those relating to talent and the quality and safety 
of our products. We review the risk management frameworks annually to 
identify changes in the risk profile. 
When reviewing the social matters that are most material to us, the 
identification of our social material IROs aligns with our salient human 
rights issues, as we consider the concept of impact materiality to be 
interchangeable with saliency. Saliency is defined by the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) as ’the human 
rights that are at risk of the most severe negative impacts through a 
company’s activities or business relationships’. 
We regularly review human rights issues to ensure our approach remains 
focused on saliency. The UNGPs encourage companies to reassess saliency 
when there is a material change to our business, such as the demerger 
of our Ice Cream business. Our next saliency review will be in 2026.
Our most recent assessment, conducted in 2023 with input from key 
rightsholder groups (including our affected communities), evaluated both 
existing and emerging human rights issues. The assessment identified the 
following as our salient human rights issues:
■Bullying and harassment; 
■Discrimination; 
■Fair wages and income; 
■Forced labour; 
■Freedom of association and collective bargaining; 
■Health;
■Land rights (including Indigenous Peoples’ rights); and
■Working hours. 
While child labour is not one of Unilever’s global salient human rights 
issues, it remains a key focus in specific regions and commodities where 
it is identified to be high risk, such as cocoa and vanilla. In developing 
strategies to address our salient issues, we consider the influence of 
climate change and gender on their impacts, their prevalence within our 
global value chain, and take the appropriate action. Our overarching 
approach seeks to prevent potential impacts from becoming actual 
impacts, while monitoring new and emerging human rights issues. See 
page 251 for further details in our Approach to Human Rights section. 
Our Business Group strategies incorporate processes for identifying 
potential IROs related to our consumers. These strategies are supported 
by our Unmissable Brand Superiority framework and the 6Ps – product, 
packaging, proposition, promotion, place and pricing – which drive brand 
innovation. Ensuring product safety is fundamental to our business, and 
involves evaluating raw materials, product design and development, 
and manufacturing processes, with special consideration for vulnerable 
populations where relevant. We also identify and manage customer and 
channel risks (including marketing) through our enterprise risk processes. 
The output of our 2025 DMA for our social impacts, risks and opportunities 
is included below: 
Material impact, risk or opportunity
Description
Own Workforce and Workers in the Value Chain
Talent
Risk
(OO)
Critical to delivering our business strategy and performance is our people. Our ability to 
attract, develop and retain diverse, skilled and adaptable talent, especially in competitive 
emerging markets is crucial. Failure to do so could cause us to fall behind the competition 
and consequently affect operations and financial results. We recognise the importance of 
cultivating a strong reputation for talent and skills development to help position Unilever 
as a top employer.
Capability building across our 
value chain to improve 
livelihoods ▲
Positive Impact 
(VC)
Unilever supports people in our value chain, including smallholder farmers, to improve 
their livelihoods. This includes building capability around employment practices and 
income diversification.
Salient human rights issues
Bullying and harassment 
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
Bullying and harassment are more likely to arise where there is an imbalance of power 
in a relationship or where people are in a situation of vulnerability. In addition, this may 
happen where the prevailing culture, context or law discriminates against certain groups. 
Bullying and harassment may occur within our own operations and value chain, which 
could have a significant negative impact on an individual’s physical and mental wellbeing, 
their families and the wider community.
Discrimination
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
Discrimination is the absence of equality of opportunity and treatment, occurring when a 
person is treated differently on the basis of protected characteristics.1 Discrimination may 
occur in our own operations and value chain. In workplaces, discrimination may occur in 
the processes leading up to hiring and following termination of employment, as well as 
during employment. Along with significant impacts on the individual, discrimination has 
wider social and economic consequences.
1.
Protected characteristics include race, age, role, gender, gender identity, colour, religion, country of origin, sexual orientation, marital status, dependents, disability, social 
class, political views or any other class protected by law.
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
249
OO   Own Operations
VC    Value Chain 
▲        Entity-Specific Disclosure

========== PAGE 39 ==========
Material impact, risk or opportunity
Description
Salient human rights issues
Forced labour
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
Forced labour is defined as ‘all work or service which is exacted from any person under the 
threat of a penalty and for which the person has not offered himself or herself voluntarily’. 
While some situations are immediately identifiable as forced labour (such as being forced 
to work through the use of violence), others are more subtle (debt bondage, retention of 
identity papers or involuntary overtime). Forced labour has significant physical, mental 
and economic impacts on individuals and could occur in our own operations or value 
chain, in particular where workers use the services of recruitment agencies to secure a job. 
Geographies with a higher risk of forced labour include South Asia and South East Asia.
Fair wages2 and income
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
Without receiving a fair wage or income, people are unable to meet their basic needs. 
Providing employees and workers in the value chain with fair wages or incomes, including 
payment of a living wage, can have a significant impact on their livelihoods. 
Working hours
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
The number of hours worked, the way in which they are organised, and the availability 
of rest periods can significantly affect not only the quality of work, but also mental and 
physical health as well as income. Workers in our own operations or value chain may 
be impacted by longer working hours. Workers in our value chain may be particularly 
impacted by longer working hours, especially where wages are low and the work is 
performed on an informal or seasonal basis (such as agriculture).
Health
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
Everyone has the right to a clean, healthy and sustainable environment. Negative impacts 
on health may occur within our own operations, value chain and communities in which 
we operate, including from work process violations and unsafe working conditions.
Freedom of association and 
collective bargaining
Negative Impact 
(OO) (VC)
All workers should be free to form or join a union of their choice, seek representation 
and collectively bargain, all without the fear of intimidation, harassment or obtaining 
prior approvals. Lack of freedom of association may occur within our own operations 
and value chain, particularly where there are local laws restricting these rights.
Affected Communities
Salient human rights issues
Land rights, including Indigenous 
Peoples’ rights
Negative Impact
(OO) (VC)
Land is a source of livelihood for many and is also linked with people’s identities, culture and 
social status, which are protected by legal or customary rights. Communities connected to 
the areas where we operate, source and conduct business may be affected by land rights 
issues. Our operations or our value chain actors could be associated with land transactions 
involving land appropriation or insufficient consultations with rightsholders.
Consumers and End-Users
Safe products
Risk
(OO) (VC)
Unsafe products could result in financial loss as a result of:
■Product formulation and packaging not meeting Unilever’s safety standards;
■Formulation ingredients and packaging being accidentally or maliciously contaminated, 
compromising product integrity and potentially impacting the consumer; or
■Product labelling not aligning with laws and regulations, or lacking transparency, 
resulting in consumers not having the relevant information to make decisions about our 
products or being at risk of harm to their health.
Marketing to children
Negative Impact
(VC)
Inappropriate marketing to children can expose them to advertising for foods high in 
sugar, fat or salt, particularly through use of social media. This may contribute to the 
childhood obesity epidemic and has resulted in regulatory restrictions on the marketing 
of products to children in many countries.
Nutritional product quality ▲
Risk
(VC)
Regulatory restrictions may be imposed on the sale and marketing of food products that 
do not meet certain nutritional requirements. In many markets, consumers are increasingly 
focused on products that combine great taste and health with limited salt, sugar, saturated 
fats and calories, as well as provide positive nutrition such as proteins, vitamins and minerals, 
fibre and vegetables. While we are diversifying our product portfolio to respond to new 
demands and increased restrictions, this could impact our revenue growth in the short term.
Product innovation as a response 
to changing demand ▲
Opportunity
(VC)
Consumers are becoming more aware of sustainability issues and there is a growing 
demand for sustainable products that do not compromise on performance or 
affordability. Unilever continues to focus on products that respond to these challenges 
through innovations and investments in sustainable brands, which provides an opportunity 
to create a competitive advantage and drive revenue growth.
2. A fair wage or income supports an individual’s right to adequate living standard and is determined using multiple dimensions, including consideration of the hours worked, the 
pay systems used, the information workers receive in advance about their pay, and how this information is communicated. A living wage is the remuneration a worker receives 
for a standard working week in a particular location, sufficient to afford a decent standard of living for the worker and their family.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
250
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement
OO   Own Operations
VC    Value Chain 
▲        Entity-Specific Disclosure

========== PAGE 40 ==========
APPROACH TO HUMAN RIGHTS
Unilever’s commitment to respect human rights extends across our 
operations, value chain, affected communities and consumers. Our human 
rights due diligence utilises a risk-based approach, considering where 
potential or actual impacts are most severe. This approach encompasses 
a wide range of rightsholders including: 
■Own workforce: Our employees and workers at our own sites, including 
factories, offices, warehouses and research and development laboratories.
■Value chain: Our upstream value chain includes workers employed by 
our business partners, including manufacturing facilities, laboratories 
and refineries, professional service providers, agricultural workers 
and smallholder farmers growing and harvesting crops for use as 
ingredients in our products. Our downstream value chain includes 
drivers and transport operators who ensure our products reach our 
customers, and retail employees selling our products to customers.
■Affected communities: Individuals and communities that live in and 
around our own sites and those of our business partners.
■Consumers and end-users: Those impacted by our brands and our 
products.
Our disclosures on human rights reflect a consistent due diligence 
approach across all salient issues and rightsholder groups. As a result, 
we have not included affected communities as a separate topic within 
the sustainability statement, as policies, actions, targets and metrics are 
disclosed with the Approach to Human Rights section. 
Human rights policies
Unilever’s Human Rights Policy Statement sets out our commitment to 
respect human rights and our approach to embedding its overarching 
principles throughout our business. The statement recognises the 
importance of engagement with rightsholders, particularly those at 
greater risk of negative human rights impacts including women, migrant 
workers, under-represented communities and human rights defenders.
Our Human Rights Policy Statement is developed in line with the UNGPs 
and the International Bill of Human Rights.1 It also reflects the principles of 
the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work. We also follow the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises, which provide voluntary principles and 
standards for responsible business conduct, including employment and 
industrial relations and guidance on effective human rights due diligence. 
We initiated a comprehensive review of our sustainability and human 
rights policy framework in 2025 to ensure alignment with emerging 
legislation and external benchmark standards. The identified revisions 
will be implemented from 2026 onwards.
Own workforce
As detailed in our General Information section on page 218, Unilever’s 
Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies apply to our 
material sustainability matters, including Human Rights. 
Our Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code policy sets out how we 
will respect employees’ human rights by:
■Basing all employment-related decisions on merit. 
■Avoiding behaviour that could be offensive, intimidating, malicious, 
violent, insulting or bullying.
■Providing fair and equitable wages that meet or exceed legal or 
industry standards. 
■Not using any form of forced labour, including compulsory, 
trafficked or child labour. 
■Maintaining reasonable working hours.
■Respecting the dignity of the individual and the right of employees 
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. 
Our Health & Safety Code policy sets out our individual and shared 
responsibilities for health and safety. Team leaders have operational 
responsibility for health and safety in our own workforce and must: 
■Establish and maintain appropriate systems; 
■Identify and manage hazards and risks; 
■Investigate and report all incidents and near misses; and 
■Ensure appropriate communications and training is provided. 
We expect all employees to take responsibility for their safety and 
those around them by acting in accordance with the COBP.
Value chain
Unilever’s business partners are expected to adhere to the Responsible 
Partner Policy (RPP), which encompasses human rights obligations and 
mandates the remediation of negative impacts. Implementation of the 
RPP is guided by the Responsible Sourcing and Business Partnering Code 
Policy, which ensures that the teams contracting with third parties 
understand the RPP and consult the Responsible Business team on 
remediation of issues, such as human rights non-compliances. 
The Human Rights Principles established within the RPP are consistent with 
applicable relevant ILO Conventions and cover all of our salient human 
rights issues, including forced labour (human trafficking), and child labour. 
The policy further expects business partners to implement effective 
systems and processes to prevent non-compliance with the RPP, extend 
these standards throughout their supply chains, and conduct independent 
human rights due diligence.
Our People & Nature Policy applies to direct suppliers of in-scope 
materials and requires these partners to: 
■Conduct human rights due diligence within their own operations and 
supply chains.
■Develop and embed effective management systems to meet the 
requirements of the RPP and People & Nature Policy.
■Demonstrate compliance with the policy’s principles through 
independent verification.
Business partners must confirm their ability to meet the requirements 
of the RPP upon registration and annual renewal to our systems through 
self-assessments, due diligence and risk-based audits. This process is used 
to identify approved partners for procured products and services and 
to assess risk according to the nature of those goods or services and the 
geographies in which those partners operate. The results determine which 
business partners require external auditing and specific engagement; for 
high-risk sites, either a site audit or a desktop assessment verifies supplier 
compliance with RPP requirements.
See page 221 for further details regarding these policies in the 
Environmental policies section.
Affected communities
Unilever’s RPP specifies that the rights and title to the property and land 
of the individual and local communities, including Indigenous populations, 
are to be respected. This includes a zero-tolerance policy for land 
grabbing. Suppliers are also expected to consider Indigenous Peoples 
and local communities when conducting impact and risk assessments. 
The People & Nature Policy sets out our commitments to respect and 
advance the human rights of all people, in accordance with the UNGPs. 
This includes a focus on the rights of Indigenous Peoples and local 
communities with respect to livelihoods, food security and resources, 
along with commitments to respect and promote land rights.
Our Sustainable Agricultural Principles set out that land tenure rights must 
be respected and reinforce a zero-tolerance policy for land grabbing. This 
includes informing local communities of planned activities that affect them 
and minimising disturbances to these communities.
In addition, Unilever’s Principles in Support of Human Rights Defenders outline 
our commitment to respecting human rights defenders (HRDs). Indigenous 
Peoples and local communities may act as HRDs and are often vulnerable 
to human rights violations, including those involving land rights. These 
Principles are guided by the UN Declaration on the Right and Responsibility 
of Individuals, Groups and Organs of Society to Promote and Protect 
Universally Recognized Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, the UNGPs, 
and the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Consumers and end-users
Responsible business is a key part of Unilever’s Human Rights Policy 
Statement, which applies to all our rightsholders. Our commitment to 
conducting business with integrity while respecting human rights is driven 
through our COBP and Code Policies, including commitments to our 
consumers and society. In addition, the RPP expects our business partners 
to identify and manage their own potential human rights impacts.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
251
1.
Consisting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant 
on Civil and Political Rights, and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and 
Cultural Rights.

========== PAGE 41 ==========
Human rights governance
Oversight of our human rights due diligence and risk management is 
provided by our Board of Directors and the Corporate Responsibility 
Committee (CRC). The ULE endorses the importance of human rights for the 
business and integrates it into top-level decision-making. It is also consulted 
in situations where there is a high risk of potential or actual impact, when a 
critical business decision is required, or if significant financial resources may 
be needed to address an issue. Our global team of Human Rights experts 
identifies emerging issues for the ULE to consider.
The Unilever Sustainability Advisory Council, an independent group of 
external sustainability specialists including a business and human rights 
expert, advises on and challenges our strategy. We monitor potential and 
existing human rights issues in conflict-affected and high-risk areas 
(CAHRAs). Findings are reported to the Sustainability Steering Committee.
Responsibility for our human rights commitment is embedded across all 
parts of our business. Central functions such as Sustainability, Procurement 
and Legal teams provide guidance and support in addressing our salient 
human rights issues. This includes engaging with rightsholders (including 
local communities), identifying potential and actual human rights impacts, 
and creating action plans to prevent, mitigate and remediate these 
impacts. Effective collaboration with business partners, industry 
associations, civil society and others is key to coordinate efforts and 
promote collective industry change.
Engaging on human rights impacts
Engagement with rightsholders and relevant stakeholders is a fundamental 
component of our strategy for identifying, assessing and addressing 
potential and actual human rights impacts within our operations, value 
chain and communities in which we operate. We engage with rightsholders 
both directly and through credible proxies, including through interviews 
with direct and third-party workers during site audit processes and human 
rights impact assessments. We also engage with rightsholders via grievance 
mechanisms to understand concerns and issues and, where appropriate, 
provide remedy.
Collaboration with trade unions such as IUF and IndustriAll is integral to 
representing the views of rightsholders internally and throughout our 
value chain. These partnerships involve joint working groups, formal 
consultations, and regular interactions between Unilever leadership 
and union representatives. Our Memorandum of Understanding with 
the IUF and IndustriAll confirms our commitment to biannual meetings 
and ongoing communications as required. These meetings are a forum 
for Unilever’s senior executives, industrial relations leaders and union 
representatives to discuss human and trade union rights within our 
operations and set the tone for local trade union relations.
Technology is a key enabler in enhancing visibility across our value chain 
and in identifying potential and actual impacts, particularly for vulnerable 
groups at higher risk of negative impacts, such as women and migrant 
workers. We utilise tools supplied by 60 decibels and &Wider to gather 
insights from workers as part of our supplier due diligence development 
programme. 
In November 2025, we held a roundtable in the margins of the UN Business 
Forum on Human Rights, bringing together rightsholders and proxies on 
their behalf, representing people in our own operations, value chain and 
the communities in which we operate. This session provided a platform 
for open dialogue on emerging human rights issues and trends, and for 
gathering views and insights on strengthening our approach to HRDD. 
Key learnings will be integrated into our strategy in 2026.
We support independent palm smallholders through the creation of 
development hubs in partnership with SNV, Forum Konservasi Leuser and 
World Resources Institute. These hubs coordinate activities to improve farm 
productivity, livelihoods and ecosystems to strengthen incomes, resilience 
and sustainable market access. We also work with partners and peers on 
the Respecting Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities Rights Affected 
by Agricultural Production in Indonesia project, aiming to identify and 
address systemic barriers to land rights, strengthen local mediation 
capabilities, and co-develop scalable, community-driven solutions. This 
initiative supports both our value chain and the broader community in 
which we operate.
We have a clearly defined due diligence process for land transactions, 
which is mandated for each transaction prior to completion. The process 
includes conducting Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs) 
and stakeholder consultations in line with the principles of Free, Prior and 
Informed Consent (FPIC), managed through internal approval gateways 
overseen by the Responsible Business team.
Identifying and assessing human rights risks
A multidimensional approach is used to identify potential and actual 
human rights impacts, incorporating data, risk indicators and insights from 
a wide range of sources. The Business Integrity team, supported by Human 
Rights and other subject matter experts, oversees procedures and controls 
to prevent, detect and respond to human rights impacts in our operations. 
See page 266 for further details.
Supply chain mapping is conducted to identify sourcing areas and 
suppliers that may present an increased risk. Tools support risk analysis 
at country and commodity levels to better understand potential impacts 
on value chain workers. This data is used to estimate the likelihood of 
impacts and identify areas where further verification, such as desktop 
or on-the-ground audits, may be required.
Our human rights due diligence processes include identifying and 
assessing indicators of potential issues, such as payment of recruitment 
fees or retention of workers' documentation. We undertake investigations 
where appropriate to determine whether these indicators are linked to 
actual impacts. We also monitor for risks of Unilever causing, contributing 
to or being linked to negative human rights impacts, including in conflict-
affected areas. Our due diligence processes and responses are 
proportionate to address identified issues, including escalation to senior 
leaders when required. Our facilities adhere to strict security standards and 
performance measures are in place to ensure appropriate responses. 
When we identify issues relating to business partners, we engage with 
them to implement corrective actions and strengthen their awareness and 
capability in accordance with the UNGPs. If they fail to demonstrate 
adequate progress, we seek leverage through constructive dialogue, 
reserving termination as a final measure when adverse impacts remain 
unaddressed. Internal disengagement guidelines outline recommended 
steps for assessing the human rights impact of commercial decisions, 
including withdrawals from specific countries, regions or sectors. 
Risk assessment is integral to our mergers and acquisitions process. 
Pre-acquisition, we evaluate policies, processes and management 
systems to ensure respect for human rights is embedded within the entity’s 
operations and value chain. Post-acquisition, onboarding processes 
include creation of corrective action plans to address gaps identified 
during the pre-acquisition phase and integration of the new entity into 
Unilever’s compliance systems. For disposals, such as the demerger of our 
Ice Cream business, our internal disengagement guidelines apply.
Taking action to address human rights impacts
Unilever responds to identified negative human rights impacts by considering 
factors such as the location of the issue (own operations or value chain) 
and our leverage. Actions to address potential human rights impacts, often 
conducted in partnership with peer companies and expert partners, include:
■Embedding effective management systems throughout our operations;
■Providing training and capability building; and
■Participating in advocacy and multi-stakeholder collaborations to 
address root causes and facilitate systemic change.
A structured approach has been created to address human rights impacts 
through our salient issue frameworks. The frameworks:
■Define a model that enables consistent definition, resolution and 
reporting of issues;
■Ensure coordination across issues and areas of intervention;
■Capture who is impacted, the root cause, timelines for resolution and 
the intended outcomes;
■Prioritise action and allocation of resources; and
■Share impact assessment metrics that enable measurable progress 
and ensure our approach remains effective.
2025 actions
Key deliverables across our value chain and affected communities include: 
■Supporting suppliers through our HRDD development programme to 
strengthen human rights policies and processes. In 2025, we expanded 
the programme to 50 additional suppliers and launched it in the 
Philippines and Turkey. We collaborated with implementation 
partners to help suppliers respond to maturity assessments and worker 
engagement surveys, and we will continue to track the progress of 
agreed actions.
■Partnering with Coca-Cola, the International Organization for Migration, 
and diginex, supported by the Bonsucro Impact Fund, to gather insights 
from sugarcane sector workers. We developed a Corrective Action Plan 
to address key risks and briefed policymakers to influence industry 
transformation. We will continue to monitor these plans in 2026. 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
252
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 42 ==========
■Engaging suppliers through our Palm Oil Social Supplier Development 
Programme to mitigate negative impacts and improve working 
conditions. This included providing targeted support and conducting 
impact assessments through interviews with management and workers.
■Publishing guidance on rightsholder engagement following a successful 
pilot with a waste collection enterprise in India, which engaged with 
waste pickers to obtain insights and establish ongoing dialogue. Teams 
are encouraged to use this guidance when engaging with rightsholders.
■Continuing to partner with VietCycle on the ‘Plastic Reborn’ programme
to provide training, PPE and other essential support to over 3,000 waste 
collectors in Vietnam since 2021. 
■Collaborating with Proforest and peers in Indonesia to tackle barriers to 
land rights, strengthen mediation capabilities and co-create scalable, 
community-driven solutions. This was delivered through phase two of 
the Respecting Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities Rights 
Affected by Agricultural Production in Indonesia project.
We continue to drive improvements through industry platforms to 
collectively tackle issues at scale. Unilever is an active member of 
AIM-Progress and its working groups, advocating for industry-wide 
advancements. Through the Consumer Goods Forum, we commit to the 
Priority Industry Principles, participate in the Human Rights Coalition, and 
serve on the steering committee of the Ethical Recruitment Marketplace 
to promote responsible recruitment practices.
Access to remedy and remediation of impacts
Effective grievance mechanisms are essential for understanding and 
acting on the concerns of our employees, value chain workers and local 
communities in which we operate. All rightsholders have access to raise 
concerns through our Unilever Code Support Line (whistleblowing line) 
and online Speak Up platform, including any suspected Code breaches, 
breaches of the Responsible Partner Policy (RPP) or cases of non-respect 
of the UNGPs. Carelines are also available across the world for consumers 
to raise a concern. Reports can be submitted confidentially and 
anonymously, where permitted by law. 
All investigations of suspected Code breaches are conducted by a Business 
Integrity Officer. We aim to provide the reporter with an anticipated 
timescale for completion. An investigation report summarising the evidence, 
findings, corrective measures and recommended sanctions (where 
appropriate) is submitted to the Business Integrity Committee for review 
and conclusion. See page 266 for further details about our Business Integrity 
processes, including our non-retaliation policies.
While Unilever grievance mechanisms are in place, we believe issues are 
best addressed close to where the impact occurred. Our approach is to 
work with partners to ensure they have effective and trusted grievance 
mechanisms for their workers. Our RPP expects business partners to 
have grievance mechanisms aligned with the UNGPs and follow leading 
practices, including clear communication and accessibility for local 
communities to report issues. We monitor workers’ awareness and trust in 
these mechanisms through independent audits of business partners’ sites. 
Within our value chain, issues impacting affected communities may also be 
identified through these audits, as described in the section ‘Tracking and 
monitoring effectiveness of actions’.
At a commodity level, our People and Nature Grievance Mechanism 
provides a framework for investigating and resolving potential and actual 
social and environmental impacts, including those raised by rightsholders 
in the communities where we operate or source from. 
Once an impact is identified through one of these mechanisms, we 
review the root cause, contributing factors and whether we have 
caused, contributed to or are linked to the impact. Remediation actions 
are implemented and verified, and processes put in place to prevent 
recurrence. We work with business partners and other stakeholders as 
needed and engage with rightsholders to better understand the impact 
and ensure remediation actions meet the needs of the affected individual 
or community. 
Where remedy is required that involves business partners, they are 
required to develop a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) to address the issues 
identified. Issues identified during RPP audits are independently verified 
by a third-party within 90 days to verify whether remediation measures 
have been effective. Some incidents may require capital investment or 
significant changes in working practices, which take longer than 90 days 
to deliver. Where this is the case, suppliers are expected to implement 
interim actions to reduce the risk until a permanent solution is in place. 
Our RPP Implementation Guidance provides resources to support business 
partners in remedying issues.
Examples of remediation actions in our value chain in 2025 include: 
■Supporting a business partner in North America to reimburse 
recruitment fees paid by migrant workers employed at their site, 
while also strengthening their due diligence processes and service 
level agreements with labour agencies.
■Engaging with business partners in Turkey to develop and implement 
a repayment plan to reimburse workers who covered the costs of their 
own health checks during recruitment processes.
This excludes issues that were still under investigation as at 31 December 
2025 or where corrective actions were still to be agreed.
Tracking and monitoring effectiveness of actions
We monitor the effectiveness of our policies in embedding respect for 
human rights within our own operations and across our value chain 
through a number of programmes and committees, including the Global 
Code and Policy Committee (own operations) and the Procurement 
Business Integrity Committee (supply chain). We also have processes 
that alert us to potential and actual human rights impacts in our own 
operations, value chain and in communities in which we operate, via 
public reports and media coverage. 
Business partners are expected to confirm they can meet the requirements 
of the RPP. Unilever verifies alignment through self-declarations at 
registration, annual re-registration to our systems, routine due diligence, 
and risk-based audits of business partner factories, which are carried out 
by an independent third-party. During these audits, cases of non-respect 
of the UNGPs are identified in line with our RPP Fundamental Principles. 
We periodically publish the findings of business partner audit reports, with 
the last report published in 2023. 
We publish regular updates on our actions to manage potential and actual 
human rights impacts through our website at unilever.com. We are also a 
member of the AIM-Progress Impact Measurement Working Group and 
have embedded common impact KPIs from the framework developed by 
this group into our salient issue action plans.
With respect to affected communities, reported grievances are recorded 
in our People and Nature Grievance Tracker and we publish details on our 
website. This helps us to track grievances and the effectiveness of our 
responses to them. 
With respect to consumers and end-users, we consider health as the 
salient human rights issue most relevant to our consumers, which is 
managed through our product safety and risk assessment processes. 
See page 264 for details on these approaches.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
253

========== PAGE 43 ==========
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
Unilever is committed to respecting human rights across our operations, value chain and communities in which we operate. However, due to the nature 
of human rights, we do not define formal targets. Mechanisms to monitor the effectiveness of our policies and actions are described in the section 
’Tracking and monitoring effectiveness of actions’ above. 
Severe human rights incidents in the value chain and affected communities
Value chain: Severe human rights incidents include instances of lawsuits, formal complaints through the undertaking or third-party complaint 
mechanisms, serious allegations in public reports or the media in respect of forced labour, human trafficking or child labour, where these are 
connected to the undertaking’s value chain, and the fact of the incidents is not disputed by Unilever. 
Affected communities: Severe human rights incidents include instances of lawsuits, formal complaints through the undertaking or third-party 
complaint mechanisms, serious allegations in public reports or the media in respect of land rights issues, where these are connected to the 
undertaking’s affected communities, and the fact of the incidents is not disputed by Unilever.
Given the nature of severe human rights incidents, any identified incident is also considered to be a case of non-respect of the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, or the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
Exclusions: Cases that are under investigation as at 31 December 2025.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Based on a case-by-case assessment.
Workers in value chain
Affected communities
2025(a)
2024(b)(c)
2025
2024(b)(d)
Total number of severe human rights incidents
0
2
0
0
Those incidents that are cases of non-respect of the UNGPs, ILO 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, or 
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises 
0
2
0
0
(a)
In 2025, 0 severe human rights incidents were identified related to Ice Cream.
(b)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(c)
2024 incidents relate to cases identified through 2023 RPP audit data.
(d)
2024 incidents restated for updates in methodology (see below).
We have adjusted our application of the measurement methodology for severe human rights incidents compared to FY 2024 so that it is now aligned 
with our updated understanding of the measurement methodology in line with the ESRS definitions.
Metrics relating to severe human rights incidents in our own operations are included in our Own Workforce disclosures on page 260. 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
254
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 44 ==========
Own Workforce
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Social impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) resulting from 
the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which these 
were identified, are detailed on page 249.
Policies
Unilever’s Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies set out 
the global standards of behaviour that we expect all employees to adhere 
to. They set out our commitment to fostering a workplace that is inclusive, 
free from discrimination and founded on mutual trust. Additionally, they 
incorporate explicit non-retaliation policies protecting individuals who 
report concerns or alleged breaches of the Code, as outlined in our 
Governance disclosures on page 266.
The Code Policies also detail how we manage our material IROs. In 
particular, the Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment, and Occupational 
Health and Safety Code policies set out how we respect our employees 
and their responsibilities towards each other. See page 251 for further 
information in the Human Rights policies section.
Non-employees are expected to adhere to our Responsible Partner 
Policy (RPP). 
Engaging with own workforce and workforce 
representatives
Engaging with our own workforce
We recognise that our people have first-hand knowledge of our business, 
as well as direct contact with our stakeholders. As a result, our people are 
well positioned to give valuable insights and feedback on all elements of 
our business, including identifying impacts on the workforce, and business 
risks and opportunities.
As set out in the Board’s Workforce Engagement Policy, we aim to make 
engagement with our people strategic and meaningful. Workforce 
engagement activities are designed to: 
■Be planned in advance to align with the agenda for Board meetings; 
■Cover our entire workforce demographic, including geography, 
Business Group, function, length of service, diversity and work level;
■Provide opportunities for employees to engage directly with senior 
leaders, including Non-Executive Directors;
■Use a variety of methods such as face-to-face sessions, employee 
representatives, surveys and town hall meetings;
■Focus on Unilever’s strategic priorities and associated policies; and 
■Offer our people the opportunity to raise matters that are relevant to them. 
The Board and the ULE actively participate in workforce engagement 
sessions, listening to employees and discussing focus topics. In 2025, 
Non-Executive Directors participated in four dedicated events covering 
a range of topics, including our winning behaviours and cultural 
transformation, safety in factories, reward and executive pay, and driving 
Desire at Scale in the Beauty & Wellbeing business. In addition, around 
50 employee events were led by the CEO, ULE and business unit, regional 
or functional leaders. These included regular interactive global town hall 
sessions. In these, our senior leaders introduced our new CEO, outlined our 
growth strategy and market performance, shared progress on embedding 
our new operating model, and answered questions on issues of concern to 
our workforce, such as the demerger of our Ice Cream business. 
Leaders also make regular in-person visits to our sites around the world to 
meet with our people and seek their feedback. At a market level, we hold 
regular, local leader-led virtual town hall meetings to engage employees 
on relevant topics and issues. 
Our annual UniVoice survey is a key tool to understand employee 
sentiment. It covers a broad range of topics including engagement, 
leadership, line management, business integrity, growth mindset, purpose 
and inspiration, wellbeing, career development and learning, operational 
effectiveness, and diversity and inclusion. Over 73,000 employees 
responded to our UniVoice survey in 2025 (approx. 37,000 from our offices 
and 36,000 from our factories). We publish highlights of the survey in our 
Annual Report, and leaders within the business are responsible for follow-
up actions. We also undertake a more frequent interim ‘UniPulse’ survey, 
allowing more focused enquiry around key themes, such as Unilever’s 
winning behaviours.
Engaging with workers’ representatives 
In 2025, we demonstrated our ongoing commitment to fair and 
transparent industrial relations by actively engaging with employee 
representatives globally. This includes both formal and informal 
consultations with unions and works councils, alongside ongoing 
communication between factory leadership teams and union 
representatives, which support our business objectives and our values.
Our discussions with the Unilever European Works Council and other 
employee bodies in 2025 focused on strategic and workforce priorities. 
Our biannual global union meetings remain essential for fostering mutual 
understanding, addressing critical issues and staying aligned with global 
union movements.
The 2025 global union engagement agenda included a comprehensive 
update on Unilever’s business and strategic outlook. Rights-based 
discussions were central to the agenda, covering topics such as freedom 
of association and collective bargaining, precarious employment and 
job security, restructuring and reorganisation impacts, and occupational 
health and safety in line with ILO Convention 155. In addition, the demerger 
of our Ice Cream business has presented as an ongoing challenge.
Effectiveness of engagement
We provide regular updates on workforce engagement activities at 
Board meetings to ensure employee feedback informs decision-making 
where appropriate. This includes completion rates and outcomes of key 
engagement surveys, and informal feedback from employees on the 
effectiveness of engagement sessions. A summary of our workforce 
engagement for 2025 is set out in our Governance Report on page 58. 
Processes to remediate impacts and channels to 
raise concerns
Unilever’s Speak Up processes and remediation mechanisms are detailed 
in our Governance section on page 266. This includes the channels for 
our own workforce to raise concerns, the investigation and resolution 
processes in place, as well as non-retaliation policies. In addition to the 
Speak Up channels, we have established formal processes globally to 
handle HR grievances relating to a variety of workplace concerns. All 
material issues are channelled through the Speak Up process and tracked 
to closure. Any HR grievances that are not escalated through the Speak Up 
channels, i.e. not a breach of the COBP and Code Policies, are not 
considered in scope for this disclosure.
Managing impacts and risks related to own workforce
Talent
We are an FMCG employer of choice for graduates and early career 
talent, with a 142:1 applicant to job ratio in 2025 (industry average 38:1) 
and LinkedIn organic engagement of 12% (industry average 7.4%). Unilever 
employees are proud to say that they work for Unilever (88% in 2025) and 
would recommend Unilever as an employer (81% in 2025). 
This ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse range of skilled people 
is critical in the delivery of our strategy, and failure to do so could impact 
the continued success and growth of our business. Our 2025 People 
Strategy aims to ensure we have the best talent, culture and organisation 
and focuses on three strategic pillars (summarised below), aligned to our 
business strategy. 
Winning culture
Unilever’s business strategy is underpinned by a performance-led, 
feedback-rich and inclusive culture, exemplified by our four winning 
behaviours: care deeply, focus on what counts, stay three steps ahead 
and deliver with excellence. 
In 2025, we accelerated cultural momentum through the 
commencement of our ‘Dare to Lead’ programme. Between 2025 
and 2027, this programme will engage our top 4,000 leaders in a 
transformative journey to cultivate bold and courageous leadership. 
Immersive culture workshops, across both our office and manufacturing 
employee populations, have also helped embed our culture and winning 
behaviours. We track progress through our UniVoice survey, which now 
includes a ‘Culture Index‘ focused on performance, engagement 
and purpose.
We have enhanced our performance management process by simplifying 
and better differentiating both performance and reward, with improved 
higher levels of reward to recognise outperformance. We are training and 
equipping managers with tools for honest and courageous conversations 
to improve management of underperformance, supported by our revised 
global policy on managing underperformance, launched in 2025. 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
255

========== PAGE 45 ==========
Uncompromising on talent
In response to evolving consumer behaviour, technological disruption 
and the changing skills landscape, we have enhanced our approach to 
talent management. This refreshed approach ensures a strong talent 
pipeline, following our 2024–2025 global reorganisation, by identifying 
and accelerating key talent and strengthening succession plans at senior 
leadership levels. 
In 2025, we introduced a data-driven process to better align talent with 
value, pinpointing our highest-impact roles and the people best positioned 
to grow into them. We designed tailored development plans to fast-track 
their readiness for these critical positions. This talent acceleration engine 
will become a sustainable, cyclical programme embedded into our talent 
management practices, ensuring a strong and resilient leadership pipeline. 
Our succession planning rigour has increased, with dedicated talent 
forums across business groups and functions, focusing on holistic 
development for our talent’s current and future roles. We have also 
invested in building an in-house, end-to-end external recruitment 
capability, which aims to enable proactive and data-driven talent 
planning and hiring, and improve recruitment timelines.
We are building future-fit capabilities by upskilling our workforce in key 
areas. In 2025, training included:
■Artificial Intelligence (AI): We provided comprehensive training across 
business groups, geographies and functions. The programme covered 
general topics such as prompt engineering and responsible AI use. 
It also included practical applications such as AI-powered menu 
suggestions, using Copilot for financial reporting and AI-driven solutions 
for Customer Operations.
■Social-First: We provided global training to our marketers on applying 
the principle across insight generation, growth strategy, innovation and 
design, and building brands in culture.
Next Wave Organisation
As we finalise the implementation of our new operating model and the 
demerger of our Ice Cream business, we are focusing on the next wave 
of operational improvements to drive organisational effectiveness. 
We have invested in streamlined processes and workforce planning tools, 
providing HR teams and line managers with enhanced organisational and 
people insights for improved decision-making. This has been enabled by 
further automation and the selective use of AI, including consolidating 
our global learning platforms across talent and learning. 
Bullying and harassment, discrimination, forced labour 
and working hours
Unilever’s Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code policy sets out our 
commitments in relation to bullying and harassment, discrimination, 
forced labour and working hours. Any allegations of breaches regarding 
these commitments would be treated as a Code breach. 
We conduct annual mandatory Code training for all employees, which 
regularly includes training on how to recognise bullying and harassment, 
and discrimination. We have further mandatory training (such as sexual 
harassment training) in a number of countries in which we operate, in 
response to regulatory requirements. 
Training is also made available to employees on subjects such as how 
to recognise forced labour, our working hours policy and inclusion. 
This is delivered through various mechanisms, including cross-function 
‘learning hours’ and our Workday global learning platform.
Fair wages and income
Unilever is committed to a fair wage for all employees as codified in our 
Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code policy. This is supported by 
our Framework for Fair Compensation 2022 which outlines the company’s 
position on wages for direct employees. It also includes principles such 
as fair and liveable compensation, market-based compensation and 
non-discrimination in compensation. Accountability for implementation 
of the framework sits with the Chief People Officer; the framework is 
publicly available and applied locally through compensation policies 
and procedures.
As part of our Framework’s living wage element, we are committed to 
paying a living wage to all our direct employees, which we achieved in 
2020. In 2021, we received our first global independent accreditation as 
a living wage employer. To maintain this standard, Unilever annually 
reviews direct employees’ pay and benefits against an independent 
living wage benchmark, with corrective action being taken as necessary. 
’Direct employees’ are all those integrated into Unilever’s global reward 
structure and human resources information system.
Health 
Unilever is committed to providing healthy and safe working conditions 
for all its employees. Health and safety is a key part of our Code and 
integral to our way of working. It is deeply embedded in our culture, 
governance and operating structures, with accountability at all levels. 
In our own operations, we aim for Zero Harm, which underpins 
everything we do as a business. 
Safety standards and communications
Unilever is committed to continuously improving health and safety 
performance, with strong safety leadership being key. In 2025, our 
Together for Safety programme continued, inviting our CEO and top 
leaders to visit our manufacturing sites with a specific focus on safety. 
These visits demonstrate our leadership’s commitment to safety and 
encourage people to speak up about unsafe behaviour. 
Our safety culture is embedded through activities like our annual Safety 
Day, our routine Safety Moments, Safety Campaigns and our annual Global 
Safety Awards, which celebrate the outstanding work of our teams across 
the world. The 2025 Safety Day campaign was themed around staying three 
steps ahead when it comes to our safety by identifying risks and the layers 
of protection needed to keep safe. The campaign was activated in factories, 
warehouses and office locations, and on our internal social media platform. 
Employees identified high-risk tasks and shared the layers of protection 
they put in place to stay three steps ahead on their safety.
Compliance with all applicable legislation and regulations is a mandatory 
minimum, with our safety standards aligning with obligations set out in the 
international standard for occupational health and safety management, 
ISO 45001. Safety in our manufacturing sites is critical for us and therefore 
our safety guidance is built into our Unilever Manufacturing System. 
Manufacturing sites develop individual plans that drive improvements 
based on their particular risk profile, such as hazardous substances, and 
electrical or mechanical risks. Learnings from key incidents and near-
misses are shared via training.
Freedom of association and collective bargaining
As set out in our Approach to Human Rights section on page 251, Unilever’s 
Code Policies reflect our commitments with regard to freedom of 
association and collective bargaining. In practice, we work extensively 
with trade unions, through joint working groups and formal consultations, 
on a multitude of different topics that impact our employees. Any 
allegation of a breach of our commitment in this area would be dealt 
with as a Code breach.
METRICS AND TARGETS
For metrics relating to our own workforce, employee data captured in 
the global HR system is extracted as at 31 December 2025. Additional data 
points (headcount data for approximately 6% of employees plus manual 
data points) have been collected as at 31 October 2025; any significant 
changes to 31 December 2025 are reviewed. 
Unless explicitly stated in the basis of preparation, metrics reported as 
at the year end exclude results pertaining to employees of The Magnum 
Ice Cream Company.
Targets
No formal targets have been defined for our own workforce with 
respect to the material impacts, risks and opportunities identified in 
our sustainability statement. 
Unilever tracks progress against our actions through a series of internal 
measures, including the use of oversight committees such as the 
Corporate Responsibility Committee, Audit Committee, the ULE, and the 
Global Code and Policy Committee, which has visibility of Code breaches. 
Progress is also assessed through our UniVoice scores in areas such as 
engagement, leadership, business integrity, purpose, wellbeing, career 
development and learning, operational effectiveness, and diversity and 
inclusion. Where relevant, progress against our actions has been included 
in the sections above. 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
256
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 46 ==========
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
Employee headcount by geography, gender and type 
All Unilever employees are categorised into the following types, applying the following definitions in the absence of national law or practice:
■Permanent employee: A full-time or part-time employee who works for and is paid directly by Unilever without a set end date of employment.
■Temporary employee: An employee who works for and is paid directly by Unilever for a defined period, i.e. is on the payroll. This includes 
temporary and fixed-term workers, interns, apprentices, and seasonal or casual employees.
■Non-guaranteed hours employee: Those employed without a guarantee of a minimum or fixed number of working hours. Examples may include 
employees with zero-hour contracts and on-call employees.
The total number of Unilever employees is classified using the year-end headcount by:
■Employee type: recorded as of the hire date or when there is a change in type. 
■Gender: based on official identification or self-assignment. ‘Not reported’ includes those categorised as ’Other’, ‘Unspecified’ or ‘Prefer not to say’. 
The total headcount per country is compared to the total headcount of Unilever employees to identify any countries of significant employment 
(>50 employees that represent more than 10% of headcount). 
Movements in headcount
2025
1 January
120,040
Hires and leavers
(4,682)
Ice Cream
(19,266)
31 December
96,092
The tables below show the breakdown of Unilever’s employees by geography, gender and type as at 31 December. 
Employee headcount by geography
2025
2024
Asia Pacific Africa
49,891
58,026
The Americas
29,315
37,304
Europe
16,886
24,710
Total Headcount(a)
96,092
120,040
(a)
Please refer to note 4 of the Financial Statements on page 140 for equivalent headcount data.
2025
2024
Employee headcount by gender and type
Female
Male
Not reported
Total
Female
Male
Not reported
Total
Permanent
 
34,663  
59,037 
31  
93,731  
42,513  
73,418  
33  
115,964 
Temporary
 
1,097  
1,258  
4  
2,359  
1,675  
2,063  
164  
3,902 
Non-guaranteed hours
2
0  
0  
2  
125  
49  
—  
174 
Total Headcount
 
35,762  
60,295  
35  
96,092  
44,313  
75,530  
197  
120,040 
The only country of significant employment (>10%) is India, which has a total of 19,741 employees (2024: 20,363). At 31 December 2025, there were a further 
1,060 employees reported as part of the demerger of the Ice Cream business and the net movement of joiners and leavers over the reporting period was (323).
Total employee turnover
Employee start and exit dates are based on employment dates. Temporary employees (those working for a defined period) are excluded as they have 
come to the end of their contract rather than leaving voluntarily or due to dismissal, retirement or death in service. 
Average headcount is calculated as the sum of weighted monthly headcount from December of the previous reporting period to December of the 
current reporting period, with the following weighting:
■January to November 2025: Weighting of 1
■December 2024 and December 2025: Weighting of 0.5
Employee turnover rate is calculated as a percentage of Unilever employees who have left in the reporting period over the average headcount.
Employee turnover
2025
2024
Total turnover of employees in year (headcount)
16,527
17,334
Rate of employee turnover (%)
 17.2% 
 14.5% 
The increase in employee turnover, seen between 2024 and 2025, is primarily due to the impact of Unilever’s productivity programme.
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
Unilever does not have any EEA countries that meet the criteria of significant employment. Therefore we do not report (i) collective bargaining by 
region within the EEA, or (ii) in relation to social dialogue, the percentage of employees covered at the establishment level by workers’ representatives 
by country.
Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
2025
2024
Total percentage of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
 53.3% 
 54.6% 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
257

========== PAGE 47 ==========
Percentage of Unilever employees covered by collective bargaining agreements by region
Number of non-EEA countries
Collective bargaining coverage rate
2025
2024
Non-EEA Countries
0-19%
38
39 Azerbaijan, Cambodia, Canada, China, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, 
Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong, 
Jordan, Kazakhstan, Korea, Republic of, Laos, Lebanon, Malaysia, Myanmar, 
New Zealand, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Taiwan, Trinidad and Tobago, Uganda, Ukraine, 
United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Uruguay, Zimbabwe
20-39%
8
7 Australia, Chile, Colombia, Ghana, Mexico, Philippines, Turkey, United Kingdom
40-59%
5
12 Algeria, India, Pakistan, South Africa, Switzerland
60-79%
9
7 Bangladesh, Bolivia, Israel, Kenya, Morocco, Nepal, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Tunisia
80-100%
7
5 Argentina, Brazil, Côte d’Ivoire, Indonesia, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam
Unilever confirms that it has agreements in place with its employees for representation by a European Works Council (EWC).
Diversity metrics
Top management level: Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE) and employees in senior management roles one level below ULE.
Age: age is determined by the employee’s date of birth, based on official identification. 
Movement in top management headcount
2025
1 January
109
Hires and leavers
(4)
Ice Cream
(13)
31 December
92
The tables below show the gender distribution in terms of number and percentage at the top management level and the diversity of employees by 
age group.
2025
2024
Gender distribution of top management
Female
Male
Not reported
Total
Female
Male
Not reported
Total
Top Management Level Headcount(a)
 
27 
 
65 
—  
92 
 
35 
 
74 
 
— 
 
109 
Percentage
 29% 
 71% 
 —% 
 100% 
 32% 
 68% 
 —% 
 100% 
(a)
Unilever Leadership Executive (Female: 4, Male: 8) and Senior Management (Female: 23, Male: 57). Refer to Employee Diversity table on page 48.
2025
2024
Diversity of employees by age group(a)
Headcount
Percentage
Headcount
Percentage
<30
17,047
 18% 
21,635
 18% 
30–50
63,265
 66% 
78,113
 65% 
>50
15,771
 16% 
19,970
 17% 
Unknown(b)
9
 —% 
322
 —% 
Total Headcount
96,092
 100% 
120,040
 100% 
(a)
Refer to roll forward of total Unilever employees from 31 December 2024 to 31 December 2025. 
(b)
Anyone for whom we do not have an age or date of birth, e.g. short-term employees.
Adequate wages
Adequate wage is defined as a wage that provides for the satisfaction of the needs of the employee and their family in light of national economic 
and social conditions. This is either the applicable legal living or legal minimum wage, the minimum wage set by applicable collective bargaining 
agreements, or where neither exists, either an appropriate alternative adequate wage benchmark (as set out in AR73) or the voluntary living wage.
For all countries, where not specified, ‘wage’ refers to the gross wage, excluding variable components such as overtime and incentive pay, and 
excluding allowances unless they are guaranteed.
For non-EEA countries, we have not considered any official norms in determining the adequate wage level due to the lack of guidance in the ESRS 
around the correct interpretation of this term. For EEA countries, we have applied the ESRS definitions.
As at 31 December 2025, 100% of Unilever employees were paid an adequate wage.
Social protection
If one or more Unilever employees in a country are not covered by social protection against loss of income for one or more of the specified major life events, 
we disclose the countries to which this applies, the types of Unilever employees not covered, and the major life events not covered. Major life events include 
sickness, unemployment, employment injury and acquired disability, parental leave and retirement (either by company or public programmes). 
As at 31 December 2025, 100% of Unilever employees are covered by social protection against loss of income due to one or more major life events, 
through public programmes or through benefits offered by Unilever. However, due to different legal systems and employment laws, the employee 
groups covered by social protection for the different major life events vary across the nearly 100 countries in which Unilever has employees. 
The table on the following page sets out the countries in which employees do not have social protection, by event type, and the type of employees 
who do not have such protection.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
258
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 48 ==========
Countries and event type of employees not covered by social protection
Country
2025
2024
Unemployment
Bahrain
n/a 
All employees
Egypt
n/a 
Temporary/fixed-term employees
India
Office-based employees and any manufacturing employees not 
meeting the requirements for protection under the Industrial 
Disputes Act or a voluntary retirement scheme and employees of 
Zywie Ventures Private Ltd and Zenherb Labs Private Limited
Office-based employees and any manufacturing employees 
not meeting the requirements for protection under the 
Industrial Disputes Act or a voluntary retirement scheme
Kuwait
n/a 
All employees
Oman
n/a 
All employees
Qatar
n/a 
All employees
Singapore
Temporary/fixed-term employees and employees of Paula's 
Choice
Temporary/fixed-term employees and employees of Paula's 
Choice
Tunisia
n/a 
Temporary/fixed-term employees
Parental leave
United States of 
America
Unionised workforce at Hammon Sourcing Unit
Employees of Dermalogica USA who have not worked at least 
30 hours per week in the year preceding leave, and non-
birthing parents working less than 20 hours a week and not 
eligible for parental leave under federal, state or local law
Health and safety metrics
Work-related injury is defined as any personal injury or disease resulting from a single instantaneous exposure due to an unexpected or unplanned 
occurrence, which is found to have occurred in a work environment and to be work-related (either caused or contributed). Based on Unilever’s 
definitions, an incident resulting in injury is often referred to as an ’accident’. Unilever does not refer to incidents resulting in ill health as an ’accident’.
Work-related ill health is defined as a disease, abnormal condition or disorder contracted as a result of an exposure over a period of time to risk factors 
arising from the work environment and work exposures. Work-related illnesses require exposure over time and cannot be the result of a single exposure. 
Fatality is defined as death as a result of work-related injury or work-related ill health, suffered by Unilever’s own workforce while they are on duty, both 
on-site and off-site on Unilever business or other workers (also referred to as value chain workers), while working on Unilever sites. 
Total recordable frequency rate (TRFR) is the rate of recordable work-related accidents per 1 million hours worked. 
Days lost is defined as the number of days lost to employee absence related to injuries, fatalities and work-related ill health across all Unilever sites, 
counted on a calendar-day basis, i.e. weekends and public holidays are counted as lost days, and where the first full day and last day of absence are 
included. Days lost are capped to 180 days based on external guidance. Where employee absence extends beyond 31 December, total days lost is 
estimated by a qualified clinician and recorded in full.
Allocation to Ice Cream 
Work related injuries: incidents relating to dedicated manufacturing, logistics and non-manufacturing sites. For shared non-manufacturing sites, 10% of 
incidents are allocated based on the estimated percentage of Ice Cream office employees divided by total office employees. 
Work related ill-health: incidents relating to employees contracted by ‘The Magnum Ice Cream Company’ as of 6 December. 
Fatalities: allocated based on a case-by-case assessment.
Health and safety metrics
2025
2024(a)
Employees covered by Unilever’s health and safety management system
 100% 
 100% 
Fatalities (number of fatalities)
—
—
Work-related accidents (number of work-related accidents)
92
165
Employees
84
152
Non-employees
8
13
Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR)
0.41
0.55
Employees
0.43
0.58
Non-employees
0.29
0.35
Work-related ill health (number of work-related ill health incidents)
2
n/a
Days lost(b)(c)
1,936
2,946
Ice Cream health and safety metrics
Fatalities (number of fatalities)
1
—
Work-related accidents (number of work-related accidents)
41
—
Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR)
0.86
—
Work-related ill health (number of work-related ill health incidents)
—
—
Days lost(d)
799
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
Days lost in 2025 include 3 incidents capped at 180 days. As of February 2026, for 2 incidents where employees were absent at 31 December 2025, actual days lost for one 
employee that returned have been included and an additional estimated 95 days included to accommodate anticipated days lost in 2026 for the other employee.
(c)
Days lost in 2024 included 7 incidents where employees were absent at 31 December 2024; a total of 448 days were included pertaining to these incidents of which 
214 were estimated. Total actual days lost for the employees were 643 days (including 2 incidents capped at 180 days) based on data provided in 2025. 
(d)
Days lost in 2025 relating to Ice Cream include 1 incident capped at 180 days. There was also 1 incident where an employee was absent at 31 December 2025; as the 
employee returned in February 2026, actual days lost have been included.
In 2025, a contractor (other worker) sadly passed away in one of our Ice Cream factories due to workplace violence. We performed a full investigation 
and applied the lessons learned to sites worldwide to reduce the risk of a similar reoccurrence. 
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
259

========== PAGE 49 ==========
Remuneration metrics
Gender pay gap
Gross hourly pay per employee is calculated, where applicable, as the sum of gross annual salary and gross annual benefits divided by annual hours 
(52* weekly hours). Male and female mean gross hourly pay is calculated as the total gross hourly pay for all male or female Unilever employees 
divided by the total number of male or female Unilever employees.
Total remuneration ratio
Unilever considers the ESRS definition of pay to be equivalent to total annual remuneration. The median employee total annual remuneration for all 
Unilever employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) is identified as the employee with total annual remuneration in the middle of the full list of 
employees by total annual remuneration.
Non-equity incentive plan compensation and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings are not applicable to Unilever.
2025
2024
Unilever gender pay gap (%)
 (52) %
 (49) %
Total remuneration ratio
286.6:1
225.7:1
In 2025, the mean pay level for female employees was 52% higher than that of male employees, primarily driven by the composition of our workforce. 
A substantial proportion of male employees are employed in manufacturing roles, which are typically at the lower end of our internal pay structure and 
often located in countries with lower prevailing wage levels. In contrast, a higher proportion of female employees hold professional and managerial 
positions at higher pay grades. These structural differences in role allocation and geographic distribution led to a higher average remuneration for 
females. The demerger of our Ice Cream business also resulted in the average male salary declining more sharply than the average female salary due 
to the demographic profile of leavers, thereby causing an increase in the gender pay gap.
As at 31 December 2025, the highest-paid individual was paid more than 286 times the median of all employees. In addition to the reasons set out above, 
this ratio is driven by several other factors:
■As a global organisation, pay levels differ significantly by region. In 2025, the highest-paid individual received a euro-denominated package, while 
many employees are located in countries with materially lower absolute salary levels. These differences reflect local market conditions and do not 
necessarily indicate lower purchasing power when considered in the context of local cost of living.
■The highest-paid individual’s remuneration package included vested shares, which substantially increased the total value of the package and 
contributed to the rise in the pay ratio. In 2024, the highest-paid individual did not receive any vested share awards in their remuneration package.
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts and incidents
Complaints
Complaints are defined as matters relating to working conditions, equal treatment and opportunities for all, or other work-related rights that 
are reported, investigated and closed potential breaches to the Code of Business Principles, breaches to the Responsible Partner Policy, or complaints 
about a Unilever company raised to the National Contact Points (NCP) for OECD Multinational Enterprises. NCP complaints are reviewed to identify 
whether they pertain to work-related human rights. Substantiation is determined through review by the relevant Unilever Business Integrity Officer 
and/or Responsible Business Manager and the management of the Third-Party Service Provider, where applicable. The total number of complaints 
closed includes all cases closed in the year pertaining to the current year or prior years. 
Exclusions: Substantiated incidents of discrimination, including harassment. 
Incidents of discrimination, including harassment
An incident is a legal action or complaint registered with Unilever or competent authorities through a formal process, or an instance of non-
compliance identified by Unilever through established procedures. Established procedures to identify instances of non-compliance can include audits, 
formal monitoring programmes or grievance mechanisms. 
Incidents of discrimination, including harassment, are defined by Unilever as matters that are either substantiated (i.e. sufficient evidence to determine 
an incident has occurred) Discrimination and Harassment Code of Business Principles Cases; or substantiated Discrimination and Harassment 
Responsible Partner Cases as pertaining to non-employees.
Severe human rights incidents
Severe human rights incidents in connection with Unilever employees and non-employees, or value chain workers, are considered to be negative impacts 
with respect to forced labour, which may include human trafficking and modern slavery, or child labour, and the facts are not disputed by Unilever. 
Given the nature of severe human rights incidents, any identified incident is also considered to be a case of non-respect of the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, or OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
Exclusions: Cases that are under investigation as at 31 December 2025.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Based on case-by-case assessment.
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights metrics
2025
2024(a)
Total number of complaints closed
245
652
Number of substantiated complaints
78
193
Number of unsubstantiated complaints
167
459
Total number of complaints raised in the current reporting period
263
619
Number of complaints closed raised in the current reporting period
170
417
Incidents of discrimination, including harassment
40
74
Number of incidents of discrimination, including harassment, under investigation
17
16
Total number of severe human rights incidents connected to our own workforce
—
—
Ice Cream incidents, complaints and severe human rights metrics
Total number of complaints closed
55
—
Incidents of discrimination, including harassment
10
—
Total number of severe human rights incidents connected to our own workforce
—
—
(a)
2024 measured including Ice Cream.
We have adjusted our application of the measurement methodology for severe human rights incidents compared to FY 2024 so that it is now aligned 
with our updated understanding of the measurement methodology in line with the ESRS definitions. There have been no fines, penalties or compensation 
for damages recorded as a result of the incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts disclosed.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
260
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 50 ==========
Workers in the Value Chain
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Social impacts, risks and opportunities resulting from the 
double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which these 
were identified, are detailed on page 249.
Policies
The requirements for our business partners are set out in Unilever’s 
Responsible Partner Policy (RPP). The scope of the RPP is explained in 
the Environmental policies on page 221, and how the policy addresses 
our approach to human rights is set out on page 251.
Engaging with value chain workers, processes to 
remediate impacts and channels to raise concerns
Our processes for engaging with value chain workers to remediate 
impacts, and channels to raise concerns relating to value chain workers, 
are detailed in our Approach to Human Rights section on page 251.
Delivering positive impacts across our value chain
To address barriers to decent livelihoods, we are collaborating with 
partners to promote systemic change. Our actions, which are delivering 
positive impacts to our value chain, include: 
■Equipping suppliers with the tools, knowledge and resources to start 
measuring their living wage gaps, all of which are made available on 
our website at unilever.com. These resources include free access to 
living wage data through WageIndicator, a Living Wage Playbook and 
dedicated clinics through IDH aimed at supporting specific supplier 
needs.
■Helping smallholder farmers to improve their productivity and farming 
practices by enrolling them in certification schemes and providing 
access to income growth and regenerative agriculture programmes. 
For example, in India, we are helping coffee farmers improve resilience 
by training them in regenerative practices like natural fertilisers and 
water conservation. In Indonesia, we are supporting smallholder 
farmers with high-yield dwarf coconut trees, which is making coconut 
sugar production faster and safer, alongside training families to 
optimise the sugar-making process. We also help small tea growers in 
India meet sustainability standards through the Trustea certification 
programme, providing access to digital tools that promote good 
agricultural practices.
■Supporting small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in our retail value 
chain to access our digital commerce platforms, which enables them to 
buy directly from us and benefit from product promotions. We are also 
continuing to support our last-mile distribution programmes, which 
help us to reach consumers in remote areas. Our Shakti programme 
supports over 200,000 women micro-entrepreneurs 
in rural Asia and Africa and provides them with access to 
business training. 
Policy advocacy
In addition to our actions, we advocate for living wages to become 
widespread, alongside partners like UN Global Compact, International 
Labour Organization, IDH and World Benchmarking Alliance. Together, 
in  2025, we successfully campaigned for living wage to be highlighted in 
the Doha Political Declaration as a key focus area for government policy 
aiming to advance social development. We also launched impact studies 
and engaged businesses and policymakers on living wage in several 
countries including the Philippines, Pakistan and Brazil.
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
Our ambition is to help the people who grow, make and sell our products 
have a decent livelihood, including by earning a living wage – so they can 
afford the essentials of daily life and have work that is secure, dignified 
and fair.
As part of Unilever’s 15 sustainability goals, we have set three short-term 
targets with the aim of delivering long-term impact to the livelihoods of 
workers in our value chain:
■We are working with smallholder farmers to improve their livelihoods 
and agricultural practices. Our goal is to help 250,000 smallholder 
farmers in our supply chain access livelihoods programmes by 2026.
■We are also encouraging our suppliers to sign our Living Wage Promise, 
kickstarting their journey to pay employees a living wage. Our goal is to 
ensure that suppliers representing 50% of our procurement spend sign 
the Living Wage Promise by 2026.
■We are helping small businesses in our retail value chain grow. Our goal 
is to help 2.5 million SMEs in our retail value chain grow their business 
by 2026.
We have engaged in a number of forums and initiatives that provide 
insight and expertise from the perspective of people in our value chain 
to help develop these targets, including extensive engagement with the 
International Labour Organization (ILO) and the World Business Council 
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). 
Targets relating to sustainable sourcing and regenerative agriculture 
practices in our value chain are detailed in our Biodiversity and Ecosystem 
disclosures on page 241.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
261

========== PAGE 51 ==========
Livelihood targets
Suppliers representing 50% of our procurement spend to sign the Living Wage Promise by 2026
A living wage promise is a commitment made by a supplier to progress towards paying a living wage to workers in their own business operations, 
either through signing a Living Wage Special Terms Contract (STC) with Unilever or by signing Unilever’s Living Wage Promise document. Unilever’s 
definition of a living wage is included on page 250.
Performance is measured as the percentage of total procurement spend from 1 January to 31 December for suppliers that have signed the Living 
Wage Promise divided by the total procurement spend for the reporting year. 
Allocation to Ice Cream: Procurement spend relating to raw and packaging materials purchased by Unilever are estimated based on proportion 
of raw and packaging materials used in Ice Cream finished goods, using information such as product recipes and production volumes. Where such 
information is unavailable, allocation is based on dedicated manufacturing sites. Procurement spend relating to collaborative manufacturers (CMs) 
is allocated based on finished goods supplied by CMs categorised as Ice Cream products. Indirect procurement spend is allocated based on 
proportion of costs relating to Ice Cream dedicated departments and functions of total costs.
Help 250,000 smallholder farmers in our supply chain access livelihoods programmes by 2026
Unilever defines a smallholder farmer as a person who rears livestock and/or cultivates crops on one or more plots of land that, individually or 
in aggregate, is the larger of: up to and including 10 hectares (only counting farmed land), in line with the United Nations Food and Agriculture 
Organization’s definition of a smallholder farmer, or the size defined by an official regional and/or sector body. Supply chain refers to a farmer group 
or individual farmer, within a defined geographical area, providing functionally equivalent feedstocks to those that can be demonstrated to be within 
Unilever’s supply chain.
Eligible livelihoods programmes must include activities and/or inputs designed to deliver improved livelihoods through positive outcomes on Unilever 
accepted certification and/or incomes, be approved by Unilever authority, within a signed contract between 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2025, 
and be run directly by Unilever or a third party under a contractual commitment with Unilever.
Performance is measured as the cumulative total number of smallholder farmers in Unilever’s supply chain who have received help from Unilever to 
access livelihoods programmes in the reporting period. Access is defined as either:
■attending face-to-face training;
■receiving intended subsidies, financial services, farm input, labour or technologies; or
■being certified by the livelihoods programme.
Allocation to Ice Cream: Programmes funded by or associated to an Ice Cream brand. If a programme does not meet these criteria, allocation is 
performed where the supplier, crop and/or Unilever site associated with the programme is identified as relating to Ice Cream.
Help 2.5 million SMEs in our retail value chain grow their business by 2026
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in our retail value chain include businesses selling Unilever goods to consumers in one of the following 
countries: Bangladesh, Brazil, Ecuador, India, Indonesia, Pakistan, the Philippines, Thailand, Turkey and Vietnam. These businesses have historically 
been serviced by a distributor, wholesaler, or cash and carry; or in Mexico, where servicing with Unilever has been enabled by the digital platform.
Performance is measured as the number of SMEs in Unilever’s retail value chain that have used a Unilever digital platform (mobile app or website) to 
purchase at least one product in the reporting period from 1 January to 31 December 2025.
Allocation to Ice Cream: SMEs served by Ice Cream distributors. For SMEs served by Ice Cream and non-Ice Cream distributors, no allocation is made 
to Ice Cream since it is assumed that these SMEs will be part of Unilever’s continuing operations following the demerger of our Ice Cream business.
Livelihoods targets
Goal
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Suppliers representing 50% of our procurement spend to sign the Living Wage Promise 
by 2026 (% of procurement spend)
50%
Unilever 
 43% 
 32% 
—
Ice Cream
 17% 
—
—
Help 250,000 smallholder farmers in our supply chain access livelihoods programmes 
by 2026 (number of smallholder farmers)
0.25m
Unilever 
0.17m
0.08m
—
Ice Cream
0.04m
—
—
Help 2.5 million SMEs in our retail value chain grow their business by 2026 (number of 
SMEs)(b)
2.5m
Unilever 
2.12m
2.58m
1.91m
Ice Cream
0.24m
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
2023 measured for the three-month period October to December.
We continue to make good progress for suppliers who have signed our Living Wage Promise and are on track to deliver on our 2026 goal of 50% spend. 
In  addition, we are on track to meet our 2026 goal of reaching 250,000 smallholder farmers, with almost 210,000 accessing livelihood programmes since 
January 2024 (including Ice Cream). However, progress against our SME target in 2025 was lagging and overall there was a decline in active retailers 
compared to 2024. This was largely due to key markets migrating from local applications to our global digitised distributive trade (DDT) platform, as 
well  as the demerger of our Ice Cream business impacting activity levels. Despite this gap, retailer adoption showed consistent growth, driven by higher 
repeat usage and self-ordering. Large markets such as India and Indonesia continued to expand SME participation through digital ordering. Looking 
ahead to 2026, the focus will be on accelerating SME onboarding, particularly in home and personal care markets, while deepening engagement 
through retailer-relevant communication, personalised promotions, and other targeted initiatives to strengthen adoption.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
262
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 52 ==========
Consumers and End-Users
Unilever’s success depends on the value and relevance of our brands and 
products to consumers worldwide. We monitor trends and gather insights 
from consumers, customers and shoppers to develop our brand strategies 
and build competitive advantage. 
This disclosure includes all Unilever consumers and end-users in our 
downstream value chain who are likely to be materially impacted by 
our operations. These include:
■consumers who rely on the safety and quality of our products, including 
those who may be particularly dependent on accurate and accessible 
product information, such as those with allergies; and
■children, who are increasingly exposed to online promotional content 
from a broad range of industries and may be reached by our brand 
messaging.
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Our material Social impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) resulting from 
the double materiality assessment (DMA), and the process by which these 
were identified, are detailed on page 249.
Policies
As set out in our General Information section on page 218, Unilever’s Code 
of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies apply to our material 
sustainability matters, including the impacts on our consumers and end-users. 
Product safety 
The COBP sets out Unilever’s commitment to providing products and 
services that are safe for their intended use, as well as accurately and 
properly labelled, advertised and communicated. Product safety is also 
governed through the following Code Policies: 
■Responsible Innovation Code Policy: describes our commitment to 
conducting responsible, safe and sustainable research and innovation 
that fully respects the concerns of our consumers and society. Six 
supporting standards include Safety Risk Assessments for ensuring 
Consumer, Occupational and Environmental Safety by Design, and 
Use of Ingredients and Control of Contaminants. 
■Product Safety & Product Quality Code Policy: sets out our commitment 
to produce safe, high-quality products and services that meet all 
applicable standards and regulations. 
As described in the Environmental policies section on page 221, our 
Responsible Partner Policy (RPP) sets out the requirements for suppliers 
in  the value chain. Specifically, within the Business Integrity & Ethics pillar, 
this includes requirements to meet agreed specifications and notifying 
Unilever of any product quality or safety concerns originating from the 
business partner, or its supply chain without delay.
Marketing to children
The Responsible Marketing Code Policy sets out our commitment to 
market our products and services truthfully, accurately and transparently. 
The Code policy is supported by Unilever’s internal marketing and brand 
guidelines, including the Marketing to Children Principles. As a result of 
the demerger of our Ice Cream business, these principles were revised 
in 2025 for implementation in our Foods business from 1 January 2026. 
These principles ensure that Unilever adheres to the strictest standards in 
marketing to children and adheres to all relevant local regulations and 
pledges. If no regulations exist, Unilever does not intentionally advertise 
to children under six, and only markets to those ages six to 13 if products 
meet Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria (USNC). Licensing, 
partnerships and use of characters that may appeal to children are 
limited  to those products that meet the USNC, and all advertising must 
be  responsible, transparent, and avoid promoting unhealthy habits. 
Our marketing teams and agencies are responsible for compliance with 
these principles. The President of our Foods Business Group is responsible 
for the implementation of these principles, which we make publicly 
available on our website.
Engaging with consumers and end-users
We engage with our consumers and end-users, including those groups 
considered vulnerable, through a range of communication channels on 
a continuous basis, reaching over 3 million consumer contacts in 2025 
through our various platforms. 
We operate consumer care lines around the world for our consumers 
to share any comments or concerns, with details provided on packs and 
through our websites. We monitor feedback provided by consumers on 
Unilever’s brands and products on social media and through product 
reviews on digital commerce sites. We also use consumer research from 
partners such as Kantar, Nielsen and Ipsos, who we engage through their 
regular surveys and panels. This engagement takes place under the 
ultimate oversight of our Chief Growth and Marketing Officer. We use 
these insights to support our aim of providing superior products and 
delivering great consumer experiences. 
In addition, we use a range of mechanisms to monitor and consider 
evolving societal preferences, including media and social media 
reviews and NGO engagement. This is overseen by our Chief Corporate 
Affairs and Communications Officer.
Our approach to identifying and assessing the potential impacts on 
consumers with allergies is through product safety assessments and 
product labelling, rather than direct engagement. Similarly, potential 
impacts in relation to marketing to children are assessed through 
reviewing their media consumption behaviour. 
Processes to remediate impacts and channels 
to raise concerns
The communication channels referenced above, including our consumer 
care lines and websites, offer consumers multiple mechanisms through 
which to raise any concerns. Trained consumer communication agents 
respond to questions where appropriate, and their use and effectiveness 
are tracked by monitoring performance against set indicators and through 
consumer feedback surveys. 
Product safety
Concerns raised to Unilever in relation to product safety are shared with 
relevant internal experts for further investigation. By closely monitoring 
consumer feedback data, we can detect emerging issues and respond 
quickly. In the event of a marketplace incident relating to consumer safety 
or product quality, an incident management team is activated to ensure 
timely and effective action. 
We are committed to continually improving our quality performance; 
however, sometimes we fall short of our product safety and quality 
standards. A product might, for example, have a quality defect. Or 
there may be a contamination of the raw materials, or a mislabelling of 
ingredients. If this happens, protecting consumers’ safety is our number 
one priority. When necessary, we will issue a public recall of the affected 
products from the marketplace, even if only small quantities of products 
are involved.
In the case of a public recall, we use multiple channels to ensure 
consumers have the required information regarding the product affected 
(e.g. national press advertising, store communications for retailers, email 
for direct-to-consumer sales, and relevant websites) and that they can get 
answers to any questions or concerns via our care lines. 
Marketing to Children 
Our marketing teams are responsible for ensuring compliance with our 
Marketing to Children Principles. Where non-compliance is identified, 
our teams work to make the necessary changes, such as changes to 
artwork, to ensure adherence to the principles.
Code of Business Principles
Individuals can report concerns about potential breaches of Unilever’s 
COBP and Code Policies through our Code reporting channels. Our 
investigation standards require us to record and assess all potential 
breaches reported. See page 266 for details on our Governance 
disclosures, including our non-retaliation requirements.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
263

========== PAGE 53 ==========
Managing impacts and risks related to consumers 
and end-users 
Product safety
Unilever has comprehensive product quality processes and controls in 
place, supported by standards which cover safety risk assessments, use 
of ingredients and control of contaminants. Safety risk assessments ensure 
consumer, occupational and environmental safety by design, and require 
materials used in our product formulations to be registered in Unilever’s 
Safety Systems, supported by defined tools and guidance for assessing 
consumer safety risks. The use of ingredient standards applies global 
exclusions or restrictions to certain substances based on safety, regulatory 
or reputational concerns. These standards are maintained based on external 
developments and subsequently implemented within our portfolio.
Ensuring our products are safe also encompasses product labelling. 
This includes instructions for use, product composition and additional 
labelling, such as the presence of allergens. We have labelling approval 
processes in place to ensure compliance with external regulations and 
Unilever’s policies.
Suppliers of the materials for our products must meet the standards 
set within Unilever’s Supplier Quality Approval process. Our Quality 
Management System then defines the requirements to be followed 
for the manufacture of safe products, covering topics such as cleaning 
and disinfection, hygienic engineering and maintenance, allergen 
management and foreign matter prevention. Processes and controls 
are verified annually and regularly monitored through performance 
indicators that drive improvement activities. 
In the event of a non-conforming product reaching the market, we have 
a global process for identifying and managing marketplace incidents 
to ensure we act fast, investigate fully and embed learnings to prevent 
future recurrence. Where necessary, we will issue a public recall of the 
affected products from the marketplace even if only small quantities 
of products are involved. 
In 2025, we issued one public recall relating to the Ice Cream business, 
which was caused by undeclared allergens. Wherever and whenever 
mistakes occur, we take action to identify the root cause and share 
lessons learned with all relevant parties to prevent a recurrence. 
Unilever is defending a portfolio of legal claims alleging asbestos 
contamination in certain products which Unilever no longer sells. Unilever 
disputes these allegations, which it does not consider are substantiated.
We monitor the effectiveness of our product safety processes and 
controls in a number of ways, including leadership scorecards and 
tracking key metrics such as marketplace incidents/recalls, consumer-
safety-related complaints, and the completion of audits and associated 
actions. We also track the completion of our corrective and preventive 
actions, for example, those related to marketplace incidents/recalls and 
consumer-safety-related manufacturing incidents, to ensure that our 
processes for learning from incidents are effective in preventing future 
recurrence. The quality and safety of our products are also managed 
through our enterprise risk process.
We also work to improve consumer safety by engaging beyond our 
business with the scientific community and regulators. A focus area is 
the development and application of leading-edge advanced non-animal 
safety science, where we work closely with authorities around the world, 
including regulators, government scientists and academic experts. 
We actively disseminate the research we do to guarantee that our 
products are safe, without the need for animal testing, to support 
others  in also building new capabilities based on advanced science.
In 2025, we contributed to the European Commission Roadmap to phase 
out animal testing for chemical safety assessment as industry co-chair for 
the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing 
(EPAA). We also continued our collaboration with the US Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA, initiated in 2015), US National Institute of 
Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS, initiated in 2021), and started a new 
collaboration with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), all focused 
on pioneering approaches to chemical safety assessment using advanced 
science. Our approach to eliminating animal testing without compromising 
on safety is set out further within our Governance disclosures. 
Our actions on product safety are supported by the expertise of our Safety, 
Environmental & Regulatory Science (SERS) group, which is our global 
centre of excellence in safety and sustainability science, and our Quality 
expertise teams. Our dedicated team of safety and environmental scientists, 
including many who are internationally recognised as leaders in their fields, 
have expertise in allergy, chemistry, exposure science, microbiology, risk 
assessment, toxicology, process safety, computational modelling and data 
science, and environmental safety and sustainability science.
Marketing to Children
The updated Marketing to Children Principles has been published on 
our Responsible Business platform and communicated through internal 
channels. Markets are preparing implementation guidance to support 
consistent application of the principles in marketing activities. In addition, 
the Unilever COBP provides defined processes for escalation, review and 
remediation where instances of non-compliance arise.
METRICS AND TARGETS
Targets
No formal targets have been defined for our consumers and end-users 
with respect to the IROs identified in our sustainability statement. 
However, we are committed to continually improving our performance 
against our product safety and quality standards, monitoring the 
effectiveness of our processes and controls in multiple ways as set out 
above. In 2025, we continued to reduce the number of marketplace 
incidents by more than 8% (excluding Ice Cream) versus 2024. In relation 
to responsible marketing, non-compliances are identified and addressed 
on a case-by-case basis.
ENTITY-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
Nutritional product quality 
Policies
Continuously improving the nutritional profile of our products and helping 
consumers adopt better diets without compromising on enjoyment are 
fundamental to the strategy of our Foods Business Group. The execution 
of this strategy is guided by Unilever’s Nutrition Standards, an internal 
framework that drives portfolio improvements that align with scientific 
insights regarding nutrition’s contribution to health and wellbeing:
■Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria (USNC) set standards for 
nutrients that should be limited and guide the nutritional quality of our 
products to healthier options. The USNC consist of product-specific 
thresholds for calories, salt, sugar and saturated fat. These values are 
modelled against dietary intakes in five countries to quantify their 
impact and published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. 
■Unilever’s Positive Nutrition Standards outline the criteria for ingredients 
and nutrients that are recommended for increased consumption. These 
standards include product-specific measures for fruit and vegetables, 
wholegrains, protein, fibre and micronutrients. 
Engaging with consumers and end-users
We engage with consumers about nutritional product quality through the 
mechanisms already described. In addition, we use international dietary 
guidelines from groups such as the World Health Organization (WHO) and 
CODEX, along with scientific modelling, to assess the impact of nutritional 
product quality on consumers and inform our business strategy.
Managing impacts on consumers and end-users
We work to improve the nutritional quality of products on an ongoing 
basis,  innovating and reformulating our products against the USNC and 
our Positive Nutrition Standards. For example, in 2025, we launched new 
Knorr flavourful cooking pastes in the UK and Germany, as well as high-
protein Horlicks Pro Fitness also fortified with 14 micronutrients in India. 
By investing in improvement and innovation, we aim to enhance the 
nutritional profile of our products without impacting consumer experience.
In addition to Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria, we publish 
a scoring of our portfolio against six externally endorsed Nutrient Profiling 
Models, contributing to greater transparency in nutrition disclosure.
Targets
Unilever does not have formal targets relating to nutritional product quality. 
However, we set ourselves benchmarks against which we monitor our 
strategic progress on nutritional product quality, as set out on the next page.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
264
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 54 ==========
Nutrition metrics
Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria (USNC) is a set of criteria and threshold values established by Unilever nutrition experts in line with the 
global World Health Organization (WHO) standards. The threshold values determine the amount that can be present in a Foods or Ice Cream product 
to meet USNC. Products that do not exceed any of the criteria or thresholds are considered to be compliant. Threshold values have been determined 
for: sodium, saturated fat, sugar and calories. 
Unilever’s Positive Nutrition Standards is a set of technical criteria and threshold values for selected ingredients, macronutrients and micronutrients, 
established in line with external global and regional standards, such as those set by WHO, which are important for human health. The threshold values 
determine the amount of ingredients, macronutrients and micronutrients that need to be present in a Foods or Ice Cream product to deliver positive 
nutrition. A product that contains ingredients, macronutrients or micronutrients meeting at least one of the threshold values is considered to deliver 
positive nutrition. The presence of other ingredients that do not meet the threshold values does not disqualify a product.
The selected ingredients, macronutrients and micronutrients are as follows:
■Ingredients: fruits, vegetables, legumes, pulses, fungi, nuts, seeds, wholegrains, and dairy in products designed for kids.
■Macronutrients: protein, fibre and omega-3.
■Micronutrients: iron, iodine, zinc, vitamin A, vitamin D, calcium, magnesium, potassium, vitamin B12, folate, vitamin B2, vitamin C and vitamin E.
Servings sold is sales volumes measured in tonnes divided by product serving size. Where no serving size is available, we apply a standard serving size. 
Actual data is used for January to November, and December data is estimated by extrapolating the average sales of the previous 11 months. 
Allocation to Ice Cream: Servings sold relating to sales of Ice Cream products.
Metrics
Ambition
2025
2024(a)
2023(a)
Percentage of our portfolio meeting Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria, 
including Pepsi Lipton joint venture (% of servings sold)(b)(d)
85% by 2028
 83% 
 84% 
81%
Unilever (Foods)
 85% 
—
—
Ice Cream
 42% 
—
—
Number of products sold that deliver positive nutrition, including Pepsi Lipton joint 
venture (% of servings sold)(c)(d)
54% by 2025
 53% 
 52% 
 52% 
Unilever (Foods)
 54% 
—
—
Ice Cream
 25% 
—
—
(a)
2024 and 2023 measured including Ice Cream.
(b)
The percentage of our portfolio meeting Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition Criteria excluding Pepsi Lipton joint venture and Ice Cream in 2025 is 86% (2024: 84%).
(c)
The number of products sold that deliver positive nutrition excluding Pepsi Lipton joint venture and Ice Cream in 2025 is 54% (2024: 52%).
(d)
2023 figure measured for the 12-month period ended 30 September.
On a like-for-like basis with 2024 and 2023, the combined percentage of the Foods and Ice Cream portfolio meeting Unilever’s Science-based Nutrition 
Criteria was 83% and the number of products sold that deliver positive nutrition was 53% in 2025. The slight change in performance is driven by 
improvements in data quality and by year-on-year sales fluctuations.
Products responding to changing consumer demands 
Evolving consumer preferences present long-term opportunities for 
Unilever to drive product innovation and expand our portfolio, aiming to 
deliver superior products at great value, while reducing our environmental 
impact. Through ongoing engagement with consumers and analysis of 
market trends, we build robust innovation pipelines. This approach is 
core to our Business Group strategies, such as Home Care’s Bright Future 
strategy, and is supported by our strong Research & Development 
capabilities. Additionally, we systematically identify acquisition targets 
to further expand our brands and enhance our product portfolio. 
In Home Care, we expanded our Wonder Wash innovation into new 
geographies and new variants in 2025. Wonder Wash is a laundry 
detergent designed specifically to work in quick, cold cycles, and has 
a  lower environmental impact than traditional detergents used in long 
cycles. Our RhamnoClean technology, a 100% natural, biodegradable and 
renewable biosurfactant, has now been embedded into our core hand 
dishwash products. In Beauty & Wellbeing, Dermalogica partnered with 
FusionPKG to develop a custom airless package for its skincare line, 
leveraging the innovative Airless-One™ system to deliver both 
high-performance dispensing and recyclability. 
In addition to our product innovations, Unilever announced the acquisition 
of the personal care brand Wild in April 2025. Wild specialises in natural 
and refillable products such as deodorants, lip balms, body washes and 
hand washes formulated with plant-based ingredients and packaged 
using plastic-free materials. We also announced the acquisition of Dr. 
Squatch in June 2025, which specialises in natural personal care products. 
The ingredients in our products are included at levels that are safe in use. 
Nevertheless, we monitor consumer ingredient preferences, regulatory 
hazard classification changes, and emerging scientific data to update 
our safety and sustainability assessments where relevant. Our long-term 
investment in non-animal safety science has enabled some of our biggest 
brands to be certified as ’do not test on animals’ by People for the Ethical 
Treatment of Animals (PETA) and/or through the Coalition for Consumer 
Information on Cosmetics’ Leaping Bunny scheme. We have over 20 
accredited brands, including Axe, Dove, Sunsilk and TRESemmé. 
Delivering against our ambitious sustainability goals requires innovation. 
However, we do not set targets at a product level to reduce 
environmental impact from innovation. In addition to monitoring 
progress against the goals, we measure our progress through category 
level roadmaps in support of these. See page 243 for actions and 
targets relating to our plastic packaging.
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
265

========== PAGE 55 ==========
Governance Disclosures
Business Conduct
GOVERNANCE
The role of administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies
The ultimate responsibility for Unilever’s conduct is with Unilever’s Board, 
which is responsible for both setting and monitoring the culture of the 
business. The Board is supported in this by the Corporate Responsibility 
and Audit subcommittees. Please refer to the General Information 
section on page 214 and Unilever’s governance structure on page 51 for 
the composition and expertise of the Board and its subcommittees.
The Chief Executive Officer is accountable to the Board for the 
implementation of Unilever’s culture and standards of conduct, which 
we refer to as ‘business integrity’. The CEO is supported in this by the 
Chief Legal Officer, Chief Business Integrity Officer, Global Code and 
Policy Committee, and Business Integrity Committees. The key elements 
of Unilever’s standards of conduct are set out in our Code of Business 
Principles (COBP) and Code Policies, which provide a set of mandatory 
rules that govern how we run our business. 
Responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of the COBP and Code 
Policies is delegated to the Unilever Leadership Executive and all senior 
management across Unilever’s Business Groups, business units and 
functions. They are supported in this by the Business Integrity Committees. 
IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT
Description of the processes to identify and assess 
material impacts, risks and opportunities
The process for assessing and identifying our material impacts, risks and 
opportunities is informed by our double materiality assessment (DMA), 
as set out in our General Information section on page 216. Risks identified 
are reviewed and assessed on an ongoing basis and formally at least once 
per year. For each of our principal risks, including Legal and Compliance 
risk, we review the risk management frameworks annually to identify 
changes in the risk profile.
From a governance perspective, this process incorporates several inputs, 
such as a global fraud risk assessment conducted at both a functional and 
market level to identify risks, including corruption and bribery. In addition, 
a geopolitical working group is in place, with representatives from 
different functions, to proactively identify and escalate issues for high-risk 
markets, and external screening is undertaken to monitor changes to the 
risk landscape.
The output of our 2025 DMA for our Governance impacts, risks and 
opportunities is included below:
Material impact, risk or opportunity
Description
Business Conduct
Business integrity and ethical 
conduct
Risk
(OO) (VC)
Failure to act in an ethical manner and foster a culture where our employees and value 
chain feel empowered to speak up, consistent with the expectations of customers, 
consumers and other stakeholders, may result in reputational damage.
Anti-bribery and corruption
Risk
(OO) (VC)
There is a risk that a breach of anti-bribery and corruption laws, or failure to prevent 
bribery, fraud or tax evasion, may result in legal and financial consequences for Unilever 
and individuals.
Use of non-animal safety science
Positive Impact
(VC)
Unilever is a global leader advocating for regulatory use of modern, non-animal safety 
science in place of animal testing, working with government groups and other 
stakeholders.
Advocacy 
Positive Impact
(OO) (VC)
Unilever is actively lobbying governments, regulators and other third parties to influence 
policies and regulations that will help to drive change in four key areas: climate, nature, 
plastics and livelihoods.
Supplier payments and 
relationships
Risk
(OO)
Inappropriate or untimely processing of payments may result in incorrect payments to 
suppliers, fraudulent transactions, late payments, regulatory penalties or disputes.
OO  Own Operations, VC  Value Chain
Business conduct policies and corporate culture
As a purpose-led company, our values and culture are the foundation 
of our success. Our approach to business integrity is designed to ensure 
that how we do business is fully aligned with our values and the applicable 
laws and regulations in countries where we operate. 
Our business integrity framework is comprised of three pillars:
■Prevention – we seek to embed a culture of integrity at all levels.
■Detection – we encourage employees to speak up and identify 
potential issues through auditing and monitoring processes.
■Response – we have the tools to investigate and, if necessary, sanction 
confirmed breaches, and use what we learn to continually improve 
our processes to increase the level of prevention.
This approach is underpinned by Unilever’s COBP, with each principle 
supported by a Code Policy setting out what employees must and must 
not do to ensure they are living the Code.
We also set out what Unilever expects of business partners in our 
Responsible Partner Policy (RPP), so that we can work together 
responsibly. See page 221 for further details on the RPP in our 
Environmental policies section.
Corporate culture 
The COBP and Code Policies set out the standards of conduct we 
expect from our employees. Everyone at Unilever is expected to be 
an ambassador for these high standards, with the tone set from the top. 
Our ULE members communicate periodically with senior leaders and all 
employees on business integrity, making it clear that adherence is non-
negotiable. On an annual basis, multiple initiatives aim to embed this 
culture across our business. These range from mandatory training and 
a global pledge – where employees actively pledge to uphold these 
values – to employee town halls and leadership awareness sessions. 
We aim to continuously improve and further embed a culture of business 
integrity. We analyse the results of investigations and audit findings to 
identify trends and opportunities for improvement. Lessons learned are 
then shared extensively across the business integrity community, with 
Unilever’s leadership and with employees. 
Employee surveys are also used as a tool to monitor our culture, and 
business integrity questions are included within Unilever’s annual global 
UniVoice survey. Responses are reviewed by our Global Code and Policy 
Committee and at Business Integrity Committee meetings. These responses 
provide further insight into how strongly business integrity is embedded 
across the organisation, driving future engagement and action plans.
266
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 56 ==========
Business conduct policies
The Code of Business Principles (COBP) and Code Policies define the 
ethical behaviours that everyone must demonstrate when working for 
Unilever. They help us address key external and internal risks to the 
business – such as fraudulent behaviour or a failure to respect, uphold 
and advance human rights – and play a key role in ensuring compliance 
with laws and regulations. As a result, they help us to protect our brands 
and reputation, and to prevent harm to people or the environment. 
The COBP and Code Policies are available in multiple languages and 
designed to be readily applied by employees in their day-to-day work. 
They are mandatory for all employees and Directors, and apply to all 
Unilever companies, subsidiaries and organisations over which Unilever 
has management control. While the COBP and Code Policies are for 
internal use, we also publish them externally in support of transparency. 
We undertake a comprehensive review of the COBP and Code Policies 
every five years when the COBP is reviewed and approved by the Unilever 
Board. Potential changes needed to the COBP and Code Policies are 
monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure they appropriately reflect the 
internal and external context, in addition to incorporating the latest 
legal requirements. As an input to this process, the Board’s Corporate 
Responsibility Committee meets quarterly and reviews external 
developments that may be relevant to Unilever’s ability to conduct 
its business appropriately as a responsible corporate citizen. 
We also seek to work with business partners who uphold these 
standards throughout our value chain. Our Responsible Partner Policy 
outlines our requirements for business partners, as set out below. 
Business conduct training
Employees and Directors are required to know the COBP and Code 
Policies and understand how to apply them in their work. We conduct 
annual mandatory training for all office-based employees and have 
tailored training for those employees working in factories and more 
remote areas. Completion of training is tracked, and we follow up with 
employees who fail to complete mandatory training, taking further action 
where required. Corruption and bribery are risks that may affect any 
employee, and therefore our mandatory training, deployed for all 
employees, includes these topics. 
Identifying and reporting breaches
Unilever’s Code Policies require that actual or potential breaches of 
the COBP or Code Policies be reported immediately. Training is essential 
for the effective identification and reporting of breaches. Additionally, 
we provide robust internal and external reporting platforms that are 
accessible to our employees and partners to facilitate prompt reporting. 
To report a concern, employees can contact a number of internal 
channels. Alternatively, employees and third parties can use our 
independently managed and confidential Unilever Code Support Line 
(whistleblowing line), via telephone or our online Speak Up platform, 
which is available directly through a web address.
The available reporting channels are set out in our Code Policies and 
highlighted during business integrity training and in our communications. 
The Speak Up platform is signposted on Unilever’s website and our internal 
portals, and hotline numbers are displayed in various locations, such as 
factory walls. 
Our annual UniVoice survey is a key tool to understanding employee 
sentiment, including topics such as business integrity. In 2025, 90% of 
employees who responded to the survey stated that in their teams, they 
believe business is conducted with integrity. Employees are also informed 
that if they prefer not to use the direct or anonymised channels provided 
by Unilever, they can utilise other external channels and report directly to 
the authorities. 
We are committed to a culture of transparency and prohibit retaliation 
in any form against those who report or seek guidance on ethical or 
compliance issues, or who report cases under our Code, compliant with 
the EU Whistleblower Directive. The COBP and Code Policies set out that 
Unilever will not retaliate against employees who raise issues, and that any 
attempted or actual retaliatory action by employees is in itself considered 
a Code breach. This approach to non-retaliation is emphasised in global 
employee training sessions.
After any Code concern is reported, reporters are reminded of what 
retaliation could look like and asked if they think they have experienced 
this. All Business Integrity Committees are also accountable for ensuring 
that individuals who report Code breaches or assist with investigations are 
properly protected from retaliation and that confidentiality is maintained.
Investigating potential breaches
Our investigation standards require us to record and assess all Code 
concerns reported, however they are raised. Once a report is received, 
it is formally acknowledged and triaged by a Committee to determine 
whether a Business Integrity investigation is required. 
Business Integrity ensures that investigations are timely, objective and 
impartial. All Business Integrity Officers are trained on Unilever’s standards 
and processes and are required to uphold these at all times. Officers 
are posted around the world to respond to cases, with oversight from 
a central Business Integrity team. 
Investigation reports tie allegations to Code requirements, summarise 
evidence and findings, and outline corrective actions and recommended 
sanctions. Completed reports are reviewed and approved by the Global 
Head of Investigations. In cases involving public bribery or senior 
executives, the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Business Integrity Officer 
oversee investigations, with an ad hoc Business Integrity Committee 
determining sanctions, regardless of the executive’s location. 
We encourage engagement from the initial reporter to facilitate 
the investigation, while maintaining confidentiality. Where appropriate 
and possible, we aim to provide transparency on the investigation’s 
progress and anticipated completion. It is the responsibility of the Business 
Integrity Committees to ensure timely investigation of all potential Code 
breaches raised within 60 days. Final determination may take longer 
depending on the nature and complexity of the concern. 
Breaches of the COBP or Code Policies are shared with various oversight 
committees when required, including the Unilever Board’s Corporate 
Responsibility and Audit Committees, the Unilever Leadership Executive, 
and the Global Code and Policy Committee. 
Management of relationships with suppliers
Procurement processes, including fair behaviour 
with suppliers
The COBP and Code Policies govern our employees’ fair treatment 
of Unilever’s suppliers and procurement processes. Specifically, the 
Responsible Sourcing and Business Partnering Code Policy requires that 
we select and work only with partners who are able to uphold standards 
consistent with our own commitment. This includes ensuring that all third 
parties are subject to the provided Responsible Partner Policy (RPP) 
controls for onboarding, contracting and ongoing monitoring.
Responsible partnerships
Unilever’s RPP is sponsored by our Chief Procurement Officer and helps 
us to manage relationships with our suppliers. The RPP describes what we 
expect of business partners across three pillars: business integrity and 
ethics, human rights, and the planet. It consists of mandatory requirements 
and management systems for all suppliers and is designed to build greater 
resilience as well as leading practices. The scope of our RPP goes beyond 
our Tier 1 suppliers, who directly invoice Unilever for goods and services, 
by including our expectation for suppliers to cascade equivalent 
requirements within their own supply chains. 
All suppliers are continuously assessed against the RPP’s mandatory 
requirements and general terms and conditions. If an existing supplier 
fails to remain compliant, Unilever may restrict the ability to raise new 
purchase orders until remediation actions have been completed. New 
suppliers that do not declare compliance with requirements of the RPP 
are not onboarded, and Unilever will not conduct business with them.
Alignment with the RPP is verified through self-declarations at registration, 
annual re-registration to our systems, routine due diligence and risk-based 
audits. We undertake regular risk-mapping to accurately identify where 
specific risks occur across geographies and within different supplier 
types. This enables focused due diligence and auditing based on the type 
of goods and services we source and the sourcing locations, ensuring 
we can address issues effectively when they arise.
Suppliers are encouraged to communicate with Unilever if they face 
challenges in meeting the RPP requirements, so we can provide support 
and guidance. We also encourage suppliers to share feedback to help 
us improve our programmes and governance processes, embracing 
partnership in areas where we can collaborate in a pre-competitive 
environment to address endemic issues in our industries.
In 2025, approximately 86% of our procurement spend (including Ice 
Cream) was with suppliers that met the mandatory requirements of the RPP. 
Prevention of late payments, specifically to SMEs
Payment terms are contractually agreed between Unilever and each 
supplier, including SMEs. See page 270 for further detail on payments to 
SMEs in the section on payment practices. 
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
267

========== PAGE 57 ==========
Animal welfare policies
Unilever uses leading-edge safety science, not animals, to evaluate 
the safety of our products. We believe that animal testing is not 
needed to make sure that our products and their ingredients are safe for 
consumers, our workers and the environment. For over 40 years, we have 
been working to eliminate animal testing without compromising on safety. 
This is set out in our public position statement on animal testing, owned 
by the Chief Research & Development Officer on behalf of the Unilever 
Leadership Executive.
Unilever’s mandatory standard on animal testing sets out the strict internal 
approval and control procedures in place to ensure our position is upheld. 
This standard is one of several that underpins Unilever’s Responsible 
Innovation Code Policy, which requires that all employees involved in 
scientific research and innovation must comply with all standards relevant 
to their area of work. 
To ensure the safety of our products, we develop and advance the use of 
safety assessment approaches based on modern science that do not rely 
on new animal data. Occasionally, across our wider product portfolio, 
some of the ingredients we use have to be tested by our suppliers to 
comply with legal and regulatory requirements in some markets. In 
addition, some governments still test certain products on animals as part 
of their regulations. We do not agree that this animal testing is necessary 
to assure the safety of our products or the ingredients in them. We 
work with suppliers, government authorities and non-governmental 
organisations (NGOs) globally to increase the acceptance and use of 
non-animal approaches for regulatory compliance purposes.
Our RPP contains mandatory requirements in relation to animal testing, 
as well as outlining leading practices for suppliers to work towards. In 
support of this, we partner with our ingredient suppliers to proactively 
share our non-animal safety science and non-animal approaches for 
chemicals registration.
We share our scientific approaches with regulatory authorities and 
NGOs around the world to promote their broader acceptance and 
maximise the impact of our science in replacing animal testing. People 
for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) lists Unilever as a ‘company 
working for regulatory change’ in recognition of our ongoing work on 
alternatives to animal testing and our commitment to promoting their 
adoption worldwide. 
Farm animal welfare forms part of Unilever’s Sustainable Agricultural 
Principles (SAP), which are a collection of good practices designed to 
codify important aspects of sustainability in farming. This includes 
safeguarding the welfare of all livestock and adopting good husbandry 
practices that adhere to appropriate guidelines on animal housing, 
feeding, health and breeding. 
Our RPP also addresses farm animal welfare, which helps us manage 
our relationship with suppliers. Unilever’s Responsible Sourcing and 
Business Partnering Code Policy underpins this approach, setting out 
the responsibilities of employees to ensure that third parties are 
subject to our RPP policies and controls.
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery policies
Our COBP and Code Policies set out Unilever’s zero-tolerance approach 
towards corruption and bribery. These prohibit both public and 
commercial bribery, to or from any third party, and irrespective of 
financial values involved, and explicitly prohibit facilitation payments. 
Detailed written anti-corruption guidance and standards are also in 
place in relevant areas, such as with public officials, gifts and hospitality, 
grants and donations, and conflicts of interest. 
As previously described, our anti-corruption and bribery policies are 
clearly communicated and designed to be readily applied by employees. 
The COBP and Code Policies are available in multiple languages, 
and lessons are included in the annual mandatory training.
Our business partners must adhere to Unilever’s anti-corruption and 
bribery policies, as defined in the RPP. 
Preventing, detecting and addressing allegations 
or incidents of corruption and bribery
The core processes to prevent, detect and address allegations or 
incidents of corruption and bribery are the same as those in place 
for Unilever’s COBP and Code Policies. All potential material cases of 
corruption and bribery related to public officials are reported to our 
Chief Legal Officer and Chief Business Integrity Officer, who oversee 
investigations. The Global Code and Policy Committee determines 
any sanctions.
As previously outlined, material breaches, lessons learned and relevant 
remedial actions related to the COBP or Code Policies are shared with 
various oversight committees, including the Unilever Board’s Corporate 
Responsibility and Audit Committees, the Unilever Leadership Executive, 
and the Global Code and Policy Committee. 
To prevent incidents from taking place, we conduct periodic bespoke 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery risk assessments to determine the 
business activities and geographies that require specific actions to 
enhance our controls and respond to changes in our risk exposure. 
We continuously introduce tailored measures to mitigate these risks, 
along with additional bespoke training.
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery training
As part of our annual mandatory Business Integrity learning programme, 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery training is deployed to all employees. 
Unilever Board members also receive training on this subject.
The training content is based on our learnings from investigations, 
risk assessments and business partnering. Additional bespoke training 
is offered for employees who may face a greater risk in their activities 
in respect of corruption or bribery, such as those in external-facing 
commercial roles.
The anti-corruption and anti-bribery training programme is sponsored by 
the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Business Integrity Officer. It is overseen 
by the Unilever Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee. 
METRICS AND TARGETS
Incidents of corruption or bribery
There have been no incidents of corruption or bribery resulting in 
convictions or fines for Unilever Group companies due to violation 
of applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in 2025. 
In addition, there have been no deferred prosecution agreements 
or other significant enforcement activities involving Unilever Group 
companies in 2025 that required us to take actions to address breaches 
in procedures and standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery.
Political influence and lobbying activities
Unilever engages with governments, policymakers, regulators, NGOs 
and other stakeholders involved in policy and government through our 
advocacy and lobbying activities. This engagement forms a key part of 
promoting and protecting Unilever’s legitimate business interests, and 
takes place directly and indirectly through bodies such as trade 
associations and industry groups. 
Our Code and Code Policies set out how employees must manage 
their business relationship with political groups. Such activity must be 
conducted with honesty, integrity and openness, and in compliance 
with local and international laws. 
Oversight of political engagement
In 2025, Unilever’s Chief Corporate Affairs and Communications Officer 
oversaw both national government engagement and lobbying activity, 
as well as global engagement with intergovernmental organisations 
and NGOs. This role reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
At Board level, two Non-Executive Directors hold, or have held, 
comparable positions in public administration:
■Susan Kilsby is on the UK Takeover Panel and was a non-executive 
director at NHS England between 2021–2023.
■Adrian Hennah was appointed as an independent member to the 
Council of Imperial College London in 2024.
Neither the CEO nor any other member of the Board not listed above has 
held similar roles in public administration within the two years preceding 
this reporting period. 
Political contributions
Unilever companies are prohibited from supporting or contributing to 
political parties or candidates. All Unilever Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors have confirmed that they have not made any political 
contributions on behalf of Unilever in 2025, and we do not have any 
reported cases of breaches with the Political Activities & Political 
Donations Code Policy.
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
268
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 58 ==========
Main topics covered by Unilever’s political engagement 
The scale of Unilever’s business operations, and the fact that many areas of the consumer goods industry are regulated, means we engage regularly 
with governments and policymakers. We do this both independently and as part of industry groups and coalitions. The main topics covered by these 
engagements during 2025 are set out below. 
Topic
Main positions on this topic
Link to material impacts, risks 
and opportunities
Climate
Unilever advocates for changes to public policy frameworks consistent with the 1.5°C 
ambition of the Paris Agreement. Unilever’s main positions are that governments 
should raise national climate ambition, scale up renewable energy and non-fossil 
chemical feedstocks, and phase out fossil fuels, including fossil fuel subsidies. 
Furthermore, Unilever works with governments to accelerate enabling conditions, 
including encouraging the protection and restoration of land, forests and oceans, 
and putting forward policies that incentivise regenerative agriculture.
Unilever is an IFRS Foundation Corporate Donor and advocates for the adoption 
of ISSB sustainability reporting standards as the global baseline for non-financial 
reporting. 
■All climate change material impacts, 
risks and opportunities identified
Business operations 
and trade issues
Unilever works with governments, policymakers, regulators and other stakeholders 
to ensure our supply chains operate efficiently and to protect our business interests 
and workforce, such as trade restrictions that impact our supply chain. Changes to 
laws and regulations can have a positive or negative impact on our business and how 
we operate.
■Product regulations and claims: 
composition and sourcing 
transparency
■Increased activism, legal or non-
compliance costs resulting from 
biodiversity degradation and loss
Plastic pollution
Unilever supports public policy that aligns with our approach to reducing 
packaging waste and creating a circular economy. This includes extended producer 
responsibility (EPR) schemes, whereby producers are held accountable for the 
management of their packaging after it has been used. 
Unilever also supports the introduction of packaging design rules and recycled 
content targets that will help increase recycling rates. Both these policies are 
dependent on governments working with industry to increase the availability of 
high-quality recycled plastic. We also work with governments to identify the 
enabling conditions to help scale reuse and refill models. 
Unilever strongly advocated for a legally binding UN treaty to end plastic pollution, 
which would help harmonise regulatory standards and policies across markets 
through global rules and mandatory targets. Although negotiations concluded 
without a treaty in August 2025, together with others Unilever continues to drive 
industry convergence aligned to a high-ambition treaty. 
■Plastic pollution
■Extended producer responsibility 
(EPR) schemes for packaging and 
other plastic taxes
Safety regulation
Chemical and product regulations are being revised to incorporate modern safety 
science and data. Unilever provides input to consultations on regulatory changes, 
sharing new scientific approaches and how we apply them to safety decision-
making. We aim to have less complex regulations that promote ‘safe by design’ 
innovation and the highest standards of human health and environmental protection.
■Safe products
■Use of non-animal safety science
Nutrition, diet and 
health
Unilever works with governments to create policy environments that help 
consumers make healthier diet choices. 
Unilever supports policies that restrict the marketing of food and beverages to 
children under 13, aligning with our global commitment to responsible marketing. 
■Nutritional product quality
■Safe products
■Business integrity and ethical 
conduct
Transparency Registers in the European Union
Unilever PLC is registered with the EU Transparency Register (identification number: 6200524920-25). Unilever entities are also listed in the lobbying 
registers of other EU Member States, as set out below. Furthermore, we comply with the US Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA); the LDA website provides 
a searchable database of disclosure filings. 
Country
Name of Register
Entity
ID number
Germany 
Lobbyregister beim Deutschen Bundestag 
Unilever Germany 
R003910
Ireland
Register of Lobbying 
Unilever UK&I
2621
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
269

========== PAGE 59 ==========
Payment practices
Average payment days and percentage of invoices paid on time
Payment terms are contractually agreed between Unilever and each supplier. The global nature of our business, and the variety in types of materials 
and services we buy, means that our payment practices reflect local legal requirements and established local or industry practices, which can vary 
significantly. As a result, suppliers have not been further subcategorised.
The average time Unilever takes to pay an invoice is calculated as the difference between the date when a payment advice is triggered by Unilever 
to the bank (clearing date) and the date agreed between Unilever and its supplier from which invoice payment days start to be calculated (start of 
payment terms).
The percentage of invoices paid on time is calculated as the number of invoices for which the payment advice is triggered by Unilever to the bank 
(clearing date) on or before the date on which Unilever must pay the invoice to the supplier as per the agreed payment terms (payment due date), 
divided by the total number of invoices during the reporting period.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are considered to be small or medium-sized in the context of their market. The specific factors and 
thresholds applied may vary depending on the market.
Entities in SAP represent around 95% of total Unilever turnover, and within this, SME identification is conducted for eight of Unilever’s largest markets, 
together representing around 75% of Unilever’s global spend recorded in SAP: Brazil, China, Europe (excluding the UK), India, Indonesia, Mexico, the 
UK and the US. SME identification is based on local government definitions and sourced from third-party databases. In certain cases, where available 
company data is limited, the third-party databases used for this exercise use predictive modelling to estimate relevant values.
The table below sets out the standard payment terms together with the percentage of Unilever’s spend in 2025. Our goal is to pay 100% of invoices 
within the payment terms agreed with our suppliers. In 2025, Unilever paid over 6.1 million invoices (2024: 6.9 million) to approximately 73k suppliers 
(2024: 76K). Of these, 0.7 million invoices were Ice Cream-specific. As Unilever continued to process these invoices on behalf of Ice Cream up to the date 
of the demerger, we have not split these metrics.
Unilever standard payment terms (% spend by value)
2025
2024
>90 days
 22% 
 22% 
61-90 days
 22% 
 23% 
31-60 days
 18% 
 19% 
within 30 days
 38% 
 36% 
Total
 100% 
 100% 
The table below sets out the average time taken to pay supplier invoices and the percentage of payments made within the agreed terms, for all 
suppliers and for those SME suppliers we can currently separately identify. 
2025
2024
Unilever payment metrics
All suppliers
SME suppliers
All suppliers
SME suppliers
Average payment days
57 days
48 days
56 days
38 days
% of invoices paid on time
 85% 
 80% 
 87% 
 84% 
The calculation of average payment days as per the ESRS requirements does not consider internal working capital management, which is typically 
calculated on a value-weighted basis. As such, this approach limits the relevance of the metric. 
Every month, all invoices that have not been paid in accordance with the contractual terms are identified, the reasons for delays are identified and 
actions to rectify the issues are taken. The most common issues causing delayed payments are:
■Where we only have weekly or fixed payment, so payment is often the next payment run after the due date; 
■Where there is a delay in the receipt of invoices from suppliers, particularly where payment terms are shorter; or
■Timeliness of approvals as to the appropriateness of the invoice, or lack of necessary information on the invoice to process it properly. 
Number of legal proceedings outstanding for late payments 
Formal legal proceeding in relation to late payment brought against any Unilever entity that is ongoing as at 31 December 2025. 
A determination on whether any such proceeding has been brought by an SME is made based on local legal definitions where possible, or otherwise 
on relevant available information, such as supplier financial information considered in the context of the relevant market. 
Allocation to Ice Cream: Based on a case-by-case assessment.
As at 31 December 2025, there was 1 legal proceeding outstanding for late payment (2024: 2), which related to SMEs. This did not pertain to Ice Cream.
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
270
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 60 ==========
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
271

========== PAGE 61 ==========
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
272
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 62 ==========
Index
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS COVERED BY OUR SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT, INCLUDING INCORPORATION 
BY REFERENCE
Page(a)
TCFD(b)
ESRS2 General Information
Basis of Preparation
BP-1
General basis of preparation
214
BP-2
Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances
214
Governance
GOV-1
Oversight of sustainability matters
52▲, 57-58▲, 68-69▲, 214
■
 
GOV-2
Sustainability matters addressed by governance bodies
76▲, 214
■
 
GOV-3
Sustainability performance and incentives
97▲, 99▲, 215
■
 
GOV-4
Sustainability due diligence
215
GOV-5
Sustainability reporting controls
215
■
 
Strategy
SBM-1
Strategy and business model
2-5▲, 29-30▲, 215
■
 
SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
60▲, 216
■
 
SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
216
■
 
Impact, risk and opportunity management
IRO-1
Double materiality assessment process and 2025 Impacts, Risks and Opportunities (IROs)
216-216
■
 
IRO-2
Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement
273-275
■
 
E1-9, E2-6, E3-5, 
E4-6, E5-6
Current and anticipated financial effects of material IROs
216, 224
E1 Climate
Governance
ESRS2 GOV-3
Sustainability performance and incentives
97▲, 99▲, 215, 222
■
 
Strategy
E1-1
Transition plan for climate change mitigation
222
■
 
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
224
■
 
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material climate IROs
216, 219, 224
■
 
E1-2
Policies
218, 221, 227
■
 
E1-3
Actions
227
■
 
Metrics and targets
E1-4
Targets
229
■
 
E1-5
Energy consumption and mix
233
E1-6
Gross scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions
231
■
 
E1-7
GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits
234
E1-8
Internal carbon pricing
234
■
 
E2 Pollution
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material pollution IROs
216, 219, 235
E2-1
Policies
218, 221, 235
E2-2
Actions
235
Metrics and targets
E2-3
Targets
235
E2-4
Pollution of air, water and soil
236
E2-5
Substances of concern and substances of very high concern
n/a
ESRS References
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
273
(a)
Incorporation by cross reference is indicated by the symbol (▲).
(b)
The sustainability statement is consistent with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations and Recommended Disclosures. 
This column outlines how the TCFD disclosures are mapped across the relevant sections of the sustainability statement.

========== PAGE 63 ==========
Page(a)
TCFD(b)
E3 Water
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material water IROs
216, 219, 237
E3-1
Policies
218, 221, 237
E3-2
Actions
237
Metrics and targets
E3-3
Targets
237
E3-4
Water consumption
238
E4 Biodiversity and Ecosystems
Strategy
E4-1
Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and business model
222, 239
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
239
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material biodiversity and ecosystem IROs
216, 219, 239
E4-2
Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems
218, 221, 239
E4-3
Actions and resources related to biodiversity and ecosystems
240
Metrics and targets
E4-4
Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems
241
E4-5
Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change
242
E5 Resource Use and Circular Economy
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material resource use and circular economy IROs
216, 219
E5-1
Policies
218, 221, 243
E5-2
Actions
243
Metrics and targets
E5-3
Targets
243
E5-4
Resource inflows
245
E5-5
Resource outflows
245
S1 Own Workforce
Strategy
ESRS2 SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
216, 252
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
216, 249
Impact, risk and opportunity management
S1-1
Policies
218, 251, 255
S1-2
Engaging with own workforce and workers’ representatives
252, 255
S1-3
Processes to remediate impacts and channels to raise concerns
255, 266
S1-4
Managing impacts and risks related to own workforce
252-255
Metrics and targets
S1-5
Targets
256
S1-6
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
257
S1-7
Characteristics of non-employees in the undertaking’s own workforce
n/a
S1-8
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
257
S1-9
Diversity metrics
258
S1-10
Adequate wages
258
S1-11
Social protection
258
S1-12
Persons with disabilities
n/a
S1-13
Training and skills development metrics
n/a
S1-14
Health and safety metrics
259
S1-15
Work-life balance metrics
n/a
S1-16
Remuneration metrics (pay gap and total remuneration)
260
S1-17
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts
260
ESRS References
INDEX
274
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement
(a)
Incorporation by cross reference is indicated by the symbol (▲).
(b)
The sustainability statement is consistent with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations and Recommended Disclosures. 
This column outlines how the TCFD disclosures are mapped across the relevant sections of the sustainability statement.

========== PAGE 64 ==========
ESRS References
Page(a)
TCFD(b)
S2 Workers in the Value Chain
Strategy
ESRS2 SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
216, 252
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
216, 249
Impact, risk and opportunity management
S2-1
Policies
218, 251, 261
S2-2
Engaging with value chain workers
252, 261
S2-3
Processes to remediate impacts and channels to raise concerns
253, 261
S2-4
Managing impacts on value chain workers
252, 261
Metrics and targets
S2-5
Targets
254, 261
S3 Affected Communities
Strategy
ESRS2 SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
216, 252
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
216, 249
Impact, risk and opportunity management
S3-1
Policies
218, 251
S3-2
Engaging with affected communities
252
S3-3
Processes to remediate impacts and channels to raise concerns
253
S3-4
Managing impacts on affected communities
252
Metrics and targets
S3-5
Targets
253-254
S4 Consumers and End-Users
Strategy
ESRS2 SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
216, 263
ESRS2 SBM-3
Interaction of material IROs with strategy and business model
216, 249
Impact, risk and opportunity management
S4-1
Policies
218, 251, 263, 264
S4-2
Engaging with consumers and end-users
263, 264
S4-3
Processes to remediate impacts and channels to raise concerns
253, 263
S4-4
Managing impacts, risks and opportunities related to consumers and end-users
264, 265 
Metrics and targets
S4-5
Targets
264, 265
G1 Business Conduct
Governance
ESRS2 GOV-1
Oversight of sustainability matters
51▲, 68▲, 214, 266
Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS2 IRO-1
Process to identify material business conduct IROs
218, 266
G1-1
Business conduct policies and corporate culture
266
G1-2
Management of relationships with suppliers
267
G1-3
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
268
Metrics and targets
G1-4
Incidents of corruption or bribery
268
G1-5
Political influence and lobbying activities
268
G1-6
Payment practices
270
INDEX
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
275
(a)
Incorporation by cross reference is indicated by the symbol (▲).
(b)
The sustainability statement is consistent with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations and Recommended Disclosures. 
This column outlines how the TCFD disclosures are mapped across the relevant sections of the sustainability statement.

========== PAGE 65 ==========
EU LEGISLATION DATA POINTS
Disclosure 
requirement
Data point
SFDR
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
regulation 
reference
EU
Climate Law 
reference
Page / 
relevance
ESRS 2 GOV-1
21 (d)
Board’s gender diversity
■
 
■
 
68
ESRS 2 GOV-1
21 (e)
Percentage of Board members who are 
independent
■
 
69
ESRS 2 GOV-4
30
Statement on sustainability due diligence
■
 
215
ESRS 2 SBM-1
40 (d) i
Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel 
activities
■
 
■
 
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS 2 SBM-1
40 (d) ii
Involvement in activities related to chemical 
production
■
 
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS 2 SBM-1
40 (d) iii
Involvement in activities related to 
controversial weapons
■
 
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS 2 SBM-1
40 (d) iv
Involvement in activities related to cultivation 
and production of tobacco
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-1
14
Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 
2050
■
 
222
ESRS E1-1
16 (g)
Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned 
benchmarks
■
 
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-4
34
GHG emission reduction targets
■
 
■
 
■
 
229
ESRS E1-5
38
Energy consumption from fossil sources 
disaggregated by sources
■
 
233
ESRS E1-5
37
Energy consumption and mix
■
 
233
ESRS E1-5
40-43
Energy intensity associated with activities in 
high climate impact sectors
■
 
233
ESRS E1-6
44
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions
■
 
■
 
■
 
231
ESRS E1-6
53-55
Gross GHG emissions intensity
■
 
■
 
■
 
231
ESRS E1-7
56
GHG removals and carbon credits
■
 
234
ESRS E1-9
66
Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to 
climate-related physical risks
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-9
66 (a)
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by 
acute and chronic physical risk
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-9
66 (c)
Location of significant assets at material 
physical risk
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-9
67 (c)
Breakdown of the carrying value of its real 
estate assets by energy efficiency classes
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E1-9
69
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to 
climate-related opportunities
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E2-4
28
Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of 
the E-PRTR Regulation emitted to air, water 
and soil
■
 
236
ESRS E3-1
9
Water and marine resources
■
 
237
ESRS E3-1
13
Dedicated policy
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E3-1
14
Sustainable oceans and seas
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E3-4
28 (c)
Total water recycled and reused
■
 
238
ESRS E3-4
29
Total water consumption in m3 per net 
revenue on own operations
■
 
238
ESRS 2 SBM 3 – E4
16 (a) i
Biodiversity-sensitive areas
■
 
239
ESRS 2 SBM 3 – E4
16 (b)
Land impacts
■
 
239
ESRS 2 SBM 3 – E4
16 (c)
Threatened species
■
 
239
ESRS E4-2
24 (c)
Sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS E4-2
24 (d)
Policies to address deforestation
■
 
221, 239
ESRS E5-5
37 (d)
Non-recycled waste
■
 
245
ESRS E5-5
39
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste
■
 
245
ESRS 2 SBM3 – S1
14 (f)
Risk of incidents of forced labour
■
 
249
ESRS 2 SBM3 – S1
14 (g)
Risk of incidents of child labour
■
 
249
ESRS S1-1
20
Human rights policy commitments
■
 
251
ESRS S1-1
21
Sustainability due diligence policies on issues 
addressed by the fundamental International 
Labour Organization Conventions 1 to 8
■
 
251
ESRS S1-1
22
Processes and measures for preventing 
trafficking in human beings
■
 
251
ESRS S1-1
23
Workplace accident prevention policy or 
management system
■
 
251
ESRS S1-3
32 (c)
Grievance/complaints handling mechanisms
■
 
255
INDEX
276
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Sustainability Statement

========== PAGE 66 ==========
Disclosure 
requirement
Data point
SFDR
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
regulation 
reference
EU
Climate Law 
reference
Page / 
relevance
ESRS S1-14
88 (b), (c)
Number of fatalities and number and rate of 
work-related accidents
■
 
259
ESRS S1-14
88 (e)
Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, 
fatalities or illness
■
 
■
 
259
ESRS S1-16
97 (a)
Unadjusted gender pay gap
■
 
260
ESRS S1-16
97 (b)
Excessive CEO pay ratio
■
 
■
 
260
ESRS S1-17
103 (a)
Incidents of discrimination
■
 
260
ESRS S1-17
104 (a)
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights and OECD guidelines
■
 
■
 
260
ESRS 2 SBM3 – S2
11 (b)
Significant risk of child labour or forced 
labour in the value chain
■
 
249
ESRS S2-1
17
Human rights policy commitments
■
 
251
ESRS S2-1
18
Policies related to value chain workers
■
 
251
ESRS S2-1
19
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights principles and OECD guidelines
■
 
■
 
251
ESRS S2-1
19
Sustainability due diligence policies on issues 
addressed by the fundamental International 
Labour Organization Conventions 1 to 8
■
 
251
ESRS S2-4
36
Human rights issues and incidents connected 
to its upstream and downstream value chain
■
 
254
ESRS S3-1
16
Human rights policy commitments
■
 
251
ESRS S3-1
17
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights, ILO principles or OECD 
guidelines
■
 
■
 
251
ESRS S3-4
36
Human rights issues and incidents
■
 
254
ESRS S4-1
16
Policies related to consumers and end-users
■
 
251
ESRS S4-1
17
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights and OECD guidelines
■
 
■
 
251
ESRS S4-4
35
Human rights issues and incidents
■
 
253
ESRS G1-1
10 (b)
United Nations Convention against Corruption
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS G1-1
10 (d)
Protection of whistleblowers
■
 
Not relevant
ESRS G1-4
24 (a)
Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-
bribery laws
■
 
■
 
268
ESRS G1-4
24 (b)
Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery
■
 
Not relevant
   
INDEX
Sustainability Statement
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2025
277

========== PAGE 67 ==========
For further information about 
Unilever please visit our website: 
www.unilever.com

